Pain exploration

Author: Hon3y

*000*2023-07-02 08:18

So basically this was my recent most desperate session. Few days ago, i did it, but felt so good, i still can't get over its excitement. So thought about writing about those special moments in this justified platform!

It started with a typical monsoon weather. Left the bed at almost 8:30 am, did my usual morning routine, i.e, to go pottying. Then again at 10 am, i went once more for peeing. And then a cute thought hit me when i thought about dedicating that day purely to my pee holding kink. Consumed half litre of water and some breakfast. At that day I was so excited that everytime, i drank water, i pictured myself holding the glass, just to keep a track of exactly at which moment i drank how much, and eventually how much in total! Actually I was kinda sure of making me last long hours without any opportunity to pee. I was ready to torture my bladder, belly and everything inside! No liquid should leave out of me, i must act like a properly disciplined girl, maybe even sometimes ignoring my fear of bladder explosion as i can become damn dominant in making me feel submissive in this regard.

I actually bought a good tape beforehand, so thought of sealing my pussy slit with it vigorously, like not a single drop should escape, but every drop must go in, to be stored inside my body, and i , being a proper lady, will just tolerate my excruciating pain happening inside even if it crosses my limit. Another brownie point for me is my shyness, i know if i have to go outside with huge pee desperation, I'll still just act casual to avoid embarassment, i have too many alibis actually. To just refer the slight squirming to some other pain, or maybe to go inside the bathroom, opening the tap as an eye wash for everyone, whereas in actual I'm still holding, my pussy still sealed, and willing to stay sealed till the time i(or maybe my daddy, though this time i did it solely) wish it to be.

Anyway, so after that i started drinking half litres of water/lemonade after every 30 minutes approx! In between drank some milk too(lol, just another liquid). I was so excited that though normally my home dresses are kinda loose fitting type, I wore a skinny jeans and a slim fit camisole during that hold! By the time, lunch hour came at about 1 pm, my urge didn't hit any peak at that time, ate normally, then again after every 30-45 minutes I continued drinking water(actually i had to stay cautious too, cause normally my pressure is a bit on the lower side, so electrolytic imbalance was more prone to happen, and i didn't want to be water intoxicated just for a mere fetish! So i mixed some electrolytes in those drinks.) 
But then it felt like I'm getting restless... Something happening inside can't let me feel peaceful. The tape sealing I did started to wear off due to some wet squirming , i removed it and wore a sanitary pad, to last few more extra hours without any visible leak. By this time i wore something convenient, and maybe that's why i didn't have opportunity to look at my belly bulge. Though I'm inclined more to the chubby spectrum, still I had some noticeable bulge on that day!!!! I too am awestruck by it. Time kept ticking...2 pm, 3 pm... I became more and more restless, yet continued doing some house chores and drinking.

The combined effect of a monsoon weather outside and a cool Air conditioned Temperature inside combinedly helped me to make my desperation more intense. Infact those lemonades too, i just wished to add some naturally strong diuretics to make me suffer a painful urge. But as i wore that sanitary pad in between, I was oblivious to any minor leaks, but suddenly i had a craving. To make me suffer more cruelly. I again removed the pad and applied the tape, so that the bursting and bulging bladder can't get any relief. Every drop of liquids must get accommodated inside, again put on that tight jeans, this time with a belt! I applied extra pressure with that belt! The intention was like all my fluids should be squeezed inside of me. A properly sealed and hydrated person i became. That chilled room too couldn't handle my sweating. I was slightly getting nervous too about accidentally bursting my bladder, as the exit door was closed.

Infact i did see I was already leaking into my sanitary pad before, it got a lil moist, but inspite of all my extreme restlessness, i continued sipping and squeezing the belt right on my belly. I got more curious, i laid on my chest just to see how much extra pressure this full bladder can handle. It hurt so much! But so good! It felt like i can continue it for days... Always denied from peeing. Always staying like this sealed and packed form, being controlled by my daddy only. My pee doesn't follow my body clock, it is controlled by my daddy's wish. As long as my daddy wants me to stay sealed, i must stay sealed no matter how much painfully bulging bladder i have to tolerate. Only daddy is the one who can let me pee, he can control how much I pee too.

If i have to pee just 100 ml after holding litres of water inside my bladder, i must adhere to it. My everything is dedicated to him. (Actually i know, no matter how much cruel my daddy can become to be abiding by my fetish wants, he's a lovely individual, he can't harm me even in his unconscious! He's really a caring daddy for me. Anyway I'm getting deviated from describing...) So that laying on chest just gave its due dose of pain, my curiosity about pain exploration is always high, i put a pillow just beneath my abdomen and then laid on it, it created more pressure!

Finally the time came when my anxiety about bursting my bladder accidentally overrode my desire of staying sealed. I removed the tape(s) again and again put on just the normal panty and that tight jeans. I was eventually giving in. If any leak happens, i should see it. Still made another lemonade sprinkling some salts on it and then holy prolly, i suddenly felt looking a bit different in the mirror! I was looking bulkier!!!! My bladder actually expanded over my naval. It occupied all my abdomen area almost!

The normally squishy upper part of naval too got so tight. I couldn't keep on keeping the jeans button closed. My slim fit camisole too expanded and reached upto my breast! I felt like a water balloon . The stomach became so huge. I started leaking drops every now and then in my light coloured jeans as there was no barricade on my urethra to stop myself from peeing! I tried so hard to squeeze everything in, but nothing worked, whenever i tried hard, i just felt more claustrophobic, i was literally panting for the last two hours before finally i released the contents.

It was 4:30 pm , my leaks became more frequent but i still drank the last glass of lemonade while holding myself. It felt like i'll burst at any moment, but still managed to torture myself with more incoming water. Finally i stopped drinking, my daily dose of water intake was already over, and as said earlier, i didn't want to go fainting over water intoxication. It was totally 3 litres plus some milk inside. Along with two courses of meals too. The belly as a whole looked like a pregnant lady.

I couldn't imagine even a so chubby girl like me too can become so bloated.... My belly almost got enlarged by 2 inches...now imagine the perimeter of it. For a chubby af girl like me. I felt like a leaking water balloon, who is supplied with more water mercilessly yet the leaks were only of few drops that too when i just couldn't hold anymore. Wherever i touched my belly it hurt! Almost all my belly was full with my bladder liquids maybe. Even a mere touching around the naval area too made me leak a few drops. And it really started to pain inside! This pain was different. Not the typical desperation pain.

I actually felt like some organ inside gave this pain sensation, and I'm sure it was my over exceedingly full bladder. That reached almost my rib cage area probably. Clock kept ticking..... Finally after doing some mere photoshoots of that "full me" I went to pee, i had somewhere to go in the evening too, so before that thought of stopping the hold. It was 5:30 pm when i released all my contents. I just couldn't pee much then. The stream wasn't continuous till the last drop. Everything felt so jammed inside, plus i was so exhausted, everytime I had to pee some out, i had to take a deep breath first!

Though i didn't have anything to measure my pee amount, i videographed myself peeing. It was a 3 minutes' video. Out of which 1 minute 15 seconds is of actual peeing with force! .... But then too it was not fully empty, i again had to visit the bathroom once more! Next time, i am wishing to actually measure my amount.

Though the jeans and panty of me got so wet from intermittent leaking, i didn't want to wet my jeans, actually i really don't like to give in to this bodily urge. Staying sealed always feels exciting. So when i stopped holding i just peed normally, not the jeans wetting. Even though the work pending(i.e, to wash the jeans) remained same. 😞

Thanks for giving this excited expression a read. A lil pic of my "sealed me" attached herewith. Sorry i can't post my 'before' and 'after' bladder bulge type pics because of a fear of revealing my identity. But i'm really enjoying my kinks. This platform have so many good writers about the exact type of kinks i enjoy and thanks to all of you for giving me such awesome ideas of exploring this kink. Thanks again.

&&

*002*2023-07-02 20:21

{{1 minute ago, kelsie.gray said:

Not sure if it's safe to physically plug your urethra and especally to hold to the point where internal organs cause pain... be careful!

}}

I appreciate this thought of safety, it's just that fantasies want to go extreme.

But yes, don't worry, i do care for myself, like the way i avoided dizzy low pressure feels by making the water slightly electrolytic.

