A dear memory

Author: Helena

*000*2019-12-17 20:43

This is a dear memory from three years ago.

It was a late warm summer night. Me and my husband was heading home after a traditionalist swedish crayfish party. As you may know that usually involve some alcohol, the swedish ”snaps”. And that was exactly the case this night. I was absolutely bursting already when we left our friends. I start squarting as soon as we start walking. Felt my panties getting wet, and I could tell my jeans already had a wet stain in the crotch. Some five or ten minutes later it was unbearable. The pee just started to come out, wetting my thighs, legs and continued running down into my shoes. And in facit, I did nothing to stop it. And enjoyed every second. The wet, warm croths, legs and the jeans that know was even thighter around my bum. My husband did the talking, I didn't say much meanwhile I created a trail of pee behind us.

Then he looked at me, and down on the now soaked jeans. Surprised. Said nothing. Looked at me. I looked at him and then down at my wet pants.

- I have wet myself, I said in a low voice.

- Oh, oups, he answeared, smiled, and continued talking about our topic.

When we came home I had to put my clothes in the washer. All together it was a great evening.

*004*2019-12-18 06:44

{{7 hours ago, couchesoleil said:

Schysst historie och upplevelse! Had you already come out to your husband by then? Or did he not know?

}}

Tack (Thanks). Yes, I had come out to him a few years before. But I think this was the first time that I peed myself infront of him, and definetly the first time in public. Although late at night at emty streets.

I haven’t wet myself that many times infront of him, besides bedwetting that is impossible to hide, but I loved it and will try to do it once in a while.

There was another time comming home from a long train journey, with the last part on the commuter train with no toilets. That was a good oppurtunity that I took advatage of... 😬🙄😇

