Almost wet myself in a class of 200 some students

Author: Haruko

*000*2011-11-22 03:13

As some of you know, I'm now a college student, and in college the classes are huge! So here's what happened one day last week:

I was waiting outside the door of my next class and there were about 5 minutes to go until the other class ended and the next one began. I had my coat with me as I don't have a locker as well a really heavy backpack. Recently I had started drinking more water due to the fact that I'm a singer and it's supposed to be good for my voice.

The class before me ended and I stood up to wait until the hundreds of students piled out of the lecture hall so I could get into the room and take my usual seat. When I stood up, i noticed a familiar feeling in my bladder. Unfortunately, there was no way I'd be able to get past the group of students out to where the restrooms were and still be on time for my class (if you're not on time you can miss a lot as I found out today as I absent mindedly came in 5 minutes late). I decded I could hold it for the hour class.

It was hard to concentrate on the lecture due to my need. And it was also hard to hold it as someone had spilled something a few seats down from where I sat. By the end of the lecture, the water that I'd drank just before the lecture had caught up with me. I felt pain in my bladder and I hoped that when I stood up to leave the lecture, I'd be able to maintain control.

As I stood up, I felt my bladder almost let go, but I stopped it just before the first drop of pee hit my panties. I didn't know whether or not people around me could tell that I was desperate or even that something was wrong. I hoped not... I had been trying to hide and as far as I knew I was succeeding. I exited the room and rushed to the bathroom feeling like I would lose control at any minute. I didn't even stop to say "See you later!" to my friend who sits beside me in class. My privates were throbbing as they stressed to hang on to the ready to burst water balloon that was my bladder.

When I finally made it to the bathroom, I struggled to get my belt undone and not dunk my backpack or coat in the toilet while I did the potty dance in the stall. When I finally peed, I felt a wave of relief. It felt so good that I completely forgot to do up my belt when I pulled my pants back up (which I didn't realize until I got home from the university).

*007*2011-12-17 18:12

{{ 

I remember when I was in college, I would often wonder how many females, like yourself, would be desperate by the end of class. Never saw an accident, at least in class, though.

}}

Interesting... worst part for me tho is my two best friends who sit on either side of me are guys.... and that just makes it ten times worse cause I don't want them to notice and I don't want to have to explain XD

