Pee Privilege

Author: HarryC

*000*2019-07-22 14:25

This happened a while ago now. I haven't posted it until now because I was worried it is a fetishization of the experience of trans people. I want to be clear that although I had three or four fun experiences that week, all of them carried a sense of shame and sympathy, and that most of the week was an un-arousing experience of worrying about when I was next going to get to pee. If anyone does think this is inappropriate then I will refrain from posting about the rest of the week and delete this experience.

Anyway, on with the parts you lot will find interesting!

When I was at university I ran a crafting society. We would meet up in a pub and knit, crochet, origami, cross stitch, collage, whatever you fancied doing. It was more about the gathering together and chatting than the crafts, but the treasurer, secretary and I were quite keen on crafting!

One evening we met with a relatively low turnout. It was just me, the treasurer Ellie (not her real name), and a trans man James (not his real name) who had only recently come out. James had the habit of always leaving before everyone else (about an hour into the meeting) and with it just being the three of us this time I asked about it, wondering if he had another regular commitment he went to and if we could change times to accommodate him. He said, "I'm just going home, to be honest I'd love to stay but it's a half-hour walk and I have to pee."

We realised that we were meeting in a pub with only gendered toilets, and after the university's gender-neutral toilets and the cafes nearby we're closed. James encouraged us to "check our pee privilege" as he put it. We cis folk have it far easier than we can imagine. The three of us talked about what we can do about it and we ended up signing the petition for more gender-neutral toilets on campus, meeting in a different place, and (on his suggestion) spending a week in James' shoes. 

We both agreed not to go in a gendered toilet until the end of next week's meeting, and to only use a disabled toilet in an absolute emergency. Once we'd agreed, James went home and left us to finish our drinks. The topic of conversation changed and we bought another pint each, by the time we were nearly through those I realised I had to pee. I told Ellie I was going to head off, so she downed her drink and told me to wait for her as she walked towards the back of the pub. I called out to her, "Remember what James said!" and she begrudgingly came back, grabbed her coat and walked out of the door.

It was winter, so as we walked in the cold air our need increased. "Can I use your loo please?" Ellie asked as we got near to my flat. I (both sincerely and because an attractive girl clearly needed a wee) asked if she thought it was in the spirit of the week in James' shoes to ask to use a friend's loo when James probably wouldn't. She said that it probably wasn't and kept walking. When we reached my flat I bid Ellie goodnight and headed in, glad at the chance to relieve my bloated bladder. "It's probably not in the spirit for you to go now either though, Harry. James lives nearer to me than you, so he'd still be waiting to go at this point." My bladder probably heard this, and a dribble came out into my boxers in protest. But she was probably right, and I'm always up for a challenge so I said I'd wait for another 15 minutes.

About 5 minutes later she texted me: "I can see why he always leaves so early. This is agony!" Almost immediately followed by "oh shit a bit just came out." And then "sorry, that was a bit graphic."

By this point I was absolutely bursting. I was considering just cheating and going earlier but my flatmate had just arrived home and gone straight to the bathroom. When I heard the shower start up I knew I was in trouble. I went into my room and took my shoes and jeans off, dribbling every time I bent over, to find a wet patch the size of a small apple on my boxers. I held myself tightly and silently willed my flatmate to hurry up. By the time he was finished I had soaked my boxers and was at my absolute limit, my muscles rapidly quivering to keep me from a full blown accident. I grabbed my towel, held it in front to hide my accident and ran into the bathroom. I didn't even manage to shut the door before I lost control. I sat uncontrollably peeing through my boxers into the toilet, looking at the puddle I'd made while locking the door, feeling a weird combination of shame, arousal, and sympathy for James.

