First Intentional Wetting

Author: hoimi

*000*2018-03-25 18:51

One of my most vibrant memories of my youth was the day I intentionally wet myself.

I was in the first grade. Our teacher was a horrid old maid, who was very strict on washroom breaks. Though we were old enough to be in school, thus toilet trained, there were quite a few kids who couldn't hold it long enough and wet themselves in class.

That day I the squirming of David caught my eye. He clenched his legs together, slipped his hands between, and shook, all telltale signs of needing the toilet. I can't recall if he asked to go, but all was in vain anyway, as I watched with morbid curiosity as slick darkness ran down his khaki corduroy trousers. There was a forceful hissing sound, as the torrent pooled at his feet.

He was permitted to go to the washroom to change, but our teacher had no sympathy in her cold eyes.

His accident was a watershed moment (pun!) in my life. I wanted to know what intentionally wetting was like. There were the occasional accident, but I was overly cautious and went to the toilet every chance I got. I never drank much in the way of fluid because fluid = peeing = accidents. I would triple void (or more) before bed to avoid bedwetting (still problems, but I tried).

I rushed home, and was alone. My Grandmother was lived next door, but I was allowed to be alone until my folks got home.

I needed to go, as always, and usually dashed for the washroom as soon as I got home. Instead, I prepared, taking off my shoes and planting my socked feet square on the tan low cut carpet.

Letting go, I released, wetting my jeans. The urine was warm, rivulets of wetness ran down the length of my stiff denim jeans. The feeling was amazing.

The fear of being caught and the intensity of doing something so forbidden made my heart beat so quickly.

I sloughed my warm, soaked jeans. The feeling of wet pants was familiar, from accidents, but this time was different. I was in control of this. Tossing my pants and drenched panties into the pile of dirty clothes and hoping that mom wouldn't say anything, I cleaned up and changed before anyone would be home.

Hope you enjoyed as much as I did.

