Almost wet myself on the bus

Author: hairy

*000*2023-09-07 14:08

This happened in September 2021 on my way to university, where I had a physics lab. Normally I use the train to get to campus, but on that day there was a complete strike, so there were no trains at all, only busses. It was my first time ever having to take the bus and I had to change lines two times, so I was a bit nervous especially since it takes over 2 hours and the busses don't have toilets (compared to a 20 minute journey on the train, which has a toilet). I knew my nervousness would trigger my bladder, so that morning I only drank a very small amount of tea before leaving for the bus. I also wore a period pad despite not being on my period, just to be safe.

By the first time I had to change the line (after 40 minues) nothing noteworthy happened. But then on the second bus I started to kinda feel the urge to pee. I thought I would be able to hold it though, since I only had about an hour left. For some reason, maybe it was the bumpy roads, the urge rapidly got worse. Once the bus reached the city of my university, more people started to get on the bus. A man sat down next to me and at another station a bunch of kids entered the bus, since it was early in the morning and they were on their way to school. I was getting increasingly desperate, going from a 3/10 to a 8/10 in the span of like 30 minutes. I knew I had to change the line one more time and I had checked my public transportation app for the station.

Still 30 minutes away from uni, I realized I wouldn't be able to hold it for that long, I was definitely bouncing my legs and probably had a very desperate look on my face. At that point I decided to look for a spot to pee when I had to change lines, which was in about 15 minutes. I had 5 minutes to spare waiting at the station before my last bus would come. But while I was still contemplating whether those 5 minutes would be enough to find a fairly private spot to empty my bladder at a bus station I have never been at, I felt a small spurt coming out. This surprised me and I really had to press my legs together to avoid more leaks.

I realized I had to get off of that bus as soon as possible, or else I would completely wet myself, so I frantically looked for a different route on my app and luckily I would be able to get off at the next station and have 10 minutes before another bus to my university campus would come. At this point the man next to me was definitely giving me weird looks, because I was really fidgety and clearly panicking.

The bus stopped and I had to make my way through all of the school kids and when I exited the bus, I found myself at a street with seemingly small forests on either side. I thought about just going into the bushes behind the bus station, but I was scared of other people coming and seeing me. So I decided to cross the street, basically running because my bladder was aching so bad, to something I thought was a small trail in the forest but turned out to be a bike lane.

There was a biker coming from out of the forest, so I walked about 20 meters away from the street, waiting for the biker to pass and then just ran off of the bike lane into the woods. There were some industrial buildings visible in the distance, but even if there were people I don't think anyone was able to really see what was going on in the woods. So behind a fairly big tree, I just let go of my bag, aggressively pulled down my pants and instantly started to pee with the hardest stream ever.

This was probably the biggest relief I ever felt in my life and after peeing for what felt like ages I picked my bag up from the ground, took out a tissue to dry myself off and went back to the bus station. My knees were so weak from the adrenaline rush and the satisfaction and I had a pretty hard time focusing on my lab even hours after this happened. I did not drink a single thing the entire day because I knew I had to take the same journey back home and this experience honestly makes me even more nervous to go on long public transportation journeys, but at the same time it was a big turn-on and just deepened my piss kink.

