Unexpected Gym Wetting

Author: Humo

*000*2025-03-15 09:44

Hi, always loved desperation, wetting and pee play but this is my first post here. Very grateful for all of the experiences others share, so thought I'd share one of mine.

I've had plenty of accidents, but most were planned or half expected in some way. This was a completely unexpected event though and it happened at my regular gym, wearing black shorts with briefs underneath, black workout T, white sports socks, black trainers/sneakers. The following times are all approximate, but the details are all correct as I can still remember it so clearly...

I was about 10 minutes into my 50 minute workout, doing kettlebell squats when I realised I needed to pee, but that's 40 minutes to go so I felt like there was nothing to worry about. So I carried on with the squat reps.

Ten minutes later, the need to go was occupying more of my attention. I thought about taking a bathroom break but I now only had half an hour to go and to be completely honest I was quite enjoying the feeling. I started to think about the fun I could have when I got home, so ruled out going to the bathroom.

Over the next ten minutes the pressure slowly built up, but it felt like everything was under control. I now only had 20 minutes to go of the workout followed by the 15 minute drive home and rather than being worried at all, I was mainly having fun daydreaming about wetting at home.

But over the next ten minutes, the need turned into desperation. I was really thinking about bailing on my plan and going to the bathroom, but even then I didn't realise how close I was. I'd finished on one of the machines and moved onto standing dumbbell shoulder presses and getting pretty tired through the exercises and the effort/concentration on holding. I was just finishing the last set, standing up, holding a dumbell in each hand and pushing them up above my head, when I felt a jet of pee leave me. I froze, dumbbell in each hand and managed to stop the flow, but to my shock I could feel the pee running down the inside of my left leg, down my thigh, past me knee. I looked down and saw a wet, slightly yellow stripe down my sock into my shoes and a few splatters on the gym floor

I was so shocked, I looked around and nobody seemed to have noticed. The gym was about 1/3 full so plenty of people but nobody really close to me. I just stood a moment checking that I wasn't about to leak anymore, it felt to me like it was a one-off because I was straining and by this point the wetness inside my shorts, the desperation for more and the presence of other people was pretty exciting.

I deliberately dropped my towel on the floor in a way that looked liken accident so I could secretly wipe up my pee and decided to finish off with a few sets of bench presses, I thought lying on my back might be safer. Even then I wasn't worried about wetting again at the gym, I was more concerned about the drive home - and hiding a bit of a bulge in my shorts by pointing my penis up and under my shorts and briefs waistband and pulling my T-shirt down over the bulge.

As I started the reps I realised how desperate I was, shivering even though I was hot from working out, then halfway through my second set of reps, lying there on my back, with dumbbells in each hand again I lost control again, a jet burst out, mostly trapped by my shorts waistband but some escaping up under my t-shirt. I could feel it running around my sides. I got it under control after a couple of seconds again but knew that I was now in real need. Putting the dumbbells down I wiped down the bench - just like gym rules require, though they're expecting sweat not pee. I checked my clothes and thankfully it wasn't obvious but I could feel how wet my briefs were under my shorts.

I walked to the changing room, trying to look casual and planning to go to the bathroom, but by the time I got there my kinky brain had kicked in again and was overriding the urge to go. I grabbed my bag and went straight to my car park without changing, put the towel on the my car seat, sat down and closed the door and waited to pee. Weirdly I now couldn't go, so started driving home. It was at the first traffic lights when It all came. The end of my cock was pointing up out of my shorts but under my t-shirt and it exploded. I was peeing so hard and loud over my abs, soaking my t-shirt and shorts. I was sat there with eyes closed, it was so intense, much more intense than any accident I'd had before. When I opened my eyes and the lights had turned green, so I drove off still peeing.

When I got home I realised the gym towel was no where near thick enough to absorb all of my pee, but that wasn't the first time I'd wet my car seat so I didn't mind.

I can remember it all so clearly, hope you enjoyed it even a little as much as i did.

