First full fledged holding for a online dom

Author: Hon3y

*000*2023-05-26 06:52

&&

So basically today i had my first ever holding on command. And I'm super excited for the experience, so I'll try to share it verbatim.

So yesterday night, i went to sleep by chugging 1 litre(not all at once) of water since the last pee.... So had a mildly irritating bladder in the midnight. It felt needed to just pee and have a good night sleep, but i ignored my urges, contained all my liquids inside myself and masturbated a bit, to ease off the urge and had a nap. But it didn't last long, after two and a half hours, my night sleep ended and it was morning, 7:30 am... Talked with an online bladder controller and he said to chug 1 litre of liquid.

So i followed and first only chugged half of that... And a few more minutes later chugged the remaining...but that time i did something mischievous. I put lemon juices inside my water and probably that was really an effing good diuretic for a already bulging bladder. After a few minutes he told me to open my legs, and i just noticed maybe i was overestimating my power. After a few minutes i went back to the sleeping position. But this time i noticed i just couldn't lay on my back!!!! I started leaking. Time maybe 9:00 am. And then the real desperation started..... I felt stuck in a certain position only, i.e, curling on a side... Thighs pressed together...still leaking drops every now and then... On demand, i even pushed on my bladder. It felt rock solid...

Even turning a bit made me to leak more... And as on my previously stated wish, he commanded to get a tape to prevent my pussy from leaking. I wanted to be pushed past my limits. To be sealed tight even though i just can't!!!! The pain from my lower belly disrupted my breathing. I felt immobilized!!!! Not having any energy to move.... All energy was being utilised in keeping my urethra closed like a properly disciplined gal. So i couldn't get up to gather the tape. Then he demanded me to drink another half litre for leaking a few drops... Just as i wished to be brutally dominated. But i was really helpless this time. 

My ability to move was long gone. I couldn't stop leaking every now and then and above everything the pain from keeping all the water inside my inexperienced girl bladder was overwhelming!!!! I was probably 12/10 in terms of urge rating. He too wanted to stretch my bladder. And i happily complied to such bladder domination. I was in pain heaven, anxious whether an impending bladder rupture will kill me or not, still kept going. It was 9:40 am then, when he said he's going to cut a deal, he went to sleep, saying that he knows i won't tolerate anymore with the amount he pushed into me. So we would talk later when my other fantasies can be fulfilled. Like holding pee for straight one-two days, being plugged up with more liquids being injected inside of me. LoL, i know, these are extremely brutal, but i love it.

And after that i figured out i was leaking unconsciously... So few drops already wetted my bed....it was such a shame to my overconfident composure of being able to resist all my bodily urges. It literally felt like i can't really hold anymore if I'm not literally plugged up. My determined mind too couldn't handle that much (2 litres total, as i was squirming since midnight) of liquid.

And then the moment came...to get up and reach to the bathroom. I was already a mess in my panties then... Grabbed a bottle (of 500 ml) and went inside the bathroom. And then holy prolly, even though i was inconveniently full and leaking, i couldn't force my pee out with much force.... It seemed like i was so busy in squeezing my urethra, it couldn't do the opposite.... 

In the meantime, i wasted probably almost 500 ml on the floor, for being a noob to position the bottle exactly below my urethral opening. Then after wasting that much, i thought of capturing whatever remaining is in there, and then!!! Oh my my my!!!! I literally filled up the bottle within seconds... I filled up a 500 ml bottle within 7-8 seconds.... But still it didn't stop.... I peed some more... I don't know the exact amount... But i guess it was almost 1.5 litres in total!!! And among them only 500 ml captured, rest probably wasted due to inexperience in positioning own urethra and the scarcity of any extra bottle at that time!

I am really proud of my holding ability this time. Previously i thought maybe i have just a regular girl size bladder, i.e, feeling the urge to void if it's full(500 ml~)... But now it seems i have really pushed myself... Stretching it to accommodate more ignoring my pain . And I'm super excited for the next time too. Will have to gather a good measuring jug to quantise the exact capacity too. Thought of having my sanitary pad on , so that primary leaking won't drag any attention towards me.

My pain will be only contained within me. A certain masochistic desire. It just feels awesome to dedicate my everything. A total submission offering. Enduring some torture to give a proper service. My pussy is only meant to be squeezed tight. Nothing goes out without permission from my daddy. Daddy will decide how full i should be, and how lil I'm eligible to let out. He may force his dick inside my pussy when i start leaking, to prevent my leaks, and see a painful expression on me for being stripped off this basic need.

And even after fucking, i wish to get sealed....no chance for a relief. The torture must go on. I don't know why i feel this much submissive, but it feels good when even me crying too can't stop someone from controlling me. I know internally i just crave for a caring daddy, who'll take care of my every need. Totally owning me. It's just that these two types of owning concepts sometimes get mixed up. The owning from utter care and possessiveness, and the owning from just a sadistic Vantage point. I know I'll choose the first one (caring daddy) to surrender to.... It's just that in real life i like to see how much pain i have to tolerate to finally get my desired man. To finally be in that cuddly mood permanently. To finally gift my submission to a deserved one. In either way, pampering own lil quirks is always cute. And the fact that i feel my submission as a gift, is the reason why i like to cherish every inch of it.

And again, thanks a lot to this platform too. I've found so many cute yet extreme power exchange dynamics type stories here. Thanks to all the contributors. You just make this world a lil less lonely. Cheers fellow kinksters 🥂

*002*2023-05-27 21:21

{{23 hours ago, imo obsessor said:

Sounds great. Did you enjoy it?

}}

Yes.... A way too much. 😄

*006*2023-05-29 19:33

LoL, yes! But i didn't send the pic, as it was not demanded. Actually it was just a random online acquaintance! But yes, being a lover of oshigama (i learned this term from this platform, meaning pee discipline), i thought of keeping something as a souvenir... That's why the bottle capturing!

After clicking, i flushed the contents down the drain kinda immediately too. Actually i just loved the desperate hours, keeping those liquids inside of me, giving me pain. Once it is outside, my interest too diminishes.

*008*2023-05-31 20:42

{{2 hours ago, SpaceWonderer said:

I love this experience, sounds like you had a great time pushing your bladder past limits. That's what I call an extreme holding, one of my favorites in this fetish, and an impressive volume too, quite above average!

}}

Thank you😁... I'm basically getting so eager to do another hold again.... After getting so many praises 😁😁

