Kimono Desperation and Wetting

Author: Himichu

*000*2017-12-29 07:57

Many years ago, I found this clip that I can't seem to find again (and probably never will). It was one of those JAV preview clips for a longer DVD on a site I can't remember. Usually I'm not into toilet cams, even the really desperate ones where women wet their panties, but this one was different. A young woman in a very VERY nice, medium red furisode rushed into the stall, squatted, and started peeing. she did not realize that she had not moved the bottom of the furisode up high enough and was peeing on the back of it. When she finished, she saw the wet patch on the back and frantically tried to blot it dry, but the wet patch was extremely obvious. I was so turned on.

Years later, I was going through XTube and found a video of a young woman who was desperate in a pink furisode. She eventually ended up squatting and wetting through the back of it as she tried to hold on. I loved it and love kimono wetting videos so much. I found that video and a few more uploaded here in the downloads section. I love photos of it and anime art of it. I'll take whatever I can get, so long as it's exclusively wetting.

I have a few kimono and would never do this to a nicer one, but I had one that I got for 500 yen while in Japan back in 2006. I had since acquired much nicer ones and did not want to keep holding onto it. I made up my mind to hold and wet in it when I got a night alone at home.

When I finally got my opportunity, I was beyond excited. When it came, I drank intermittently throughout the day so that I could flush out my system and pee several times. I put the kimono on and used one of my most casual obi-a silver nagoya style one-and tied it in the tateya style. I didn't wear a nagajuban, since I didn't have one to spare, so I was just in a purple kimono with large flower details outlined in silver thread and a silver obi. I also didn't wear underwear so that I could control what I was doing a bit better.

When I started drinking for my actual holding and desperation, it escalated quite quickly. It was one of those times when I can barely hold on and am rushing to get into the tub. I was just sitting on the couch downstairs, scrolling through my phone and feeling a moderate need. Then, I got a feeling that I should go ahead and move upstairs to my bathroom, since I thought this might happen. By the time I made it down the hall, through my room, and into the bathroom, I was trying very hard to hold it. I didn't have much time to play around with holding it before a little started running down my legs.

My goal was to get the kimono as wet as possible, so I squatted down while trying to hold back as much of the impending flood as I could. I then began peeing into the back of the material. Since it's silk, it takes a while to soak through. I could feel the weight of my urine pooling in the fabric. I wanted to play around with multiple positions, so I managed to stop myself from emptying my poor bladder completely. I staid in that squatting position for a little while so that the fabric could soak up the majority of my urine, rather than me standing up and having a lot of it splattering on the floor beneath me. I let a little of it do that though, enjoying how it suddenly pattered around my feet. I stopped to take pictures and waited for my desperation to build a little more before continuing.

Next, I endeavored to wet the front of the kimono. I made sure to push it very far between my legs and press it up against my labia. At this point, I didn't rub the material against myself, since being aroused always makes it harder for me to pee. (Rubbing my clit through my underwear is one of my strategies for managing to hold longer.) I carefully let a little out to make sure that I was going to get it on the fabric. After that, I let go and felt my urine fill the dip that I'd made in the fabric. I pressed that against myself, trying to soak up as much as I could.

I love thinking about so many omo scenarios, so I started thinking of a young woman panicking and shoving her kimono between her legs to help hold herself without realizing the disaster that would surely result from it. She could have stood and spread her legs apart and probably gotten only a little on the inside, but she was so desperate to try to hold it. She was still pressing when it started spraying out, and she gasped before remembering to move her hands. By then a little wet patch was soaking into the front layer, and she was so ashamed. (I love humiliation when it's of other people-bonus points for someone else comforting them after-but am not interested in being the subject of it, so fantasies like this are a lot of fun for me.)

Looking at the top layer, I saw a small wet patch with some droplets running down it. Then, I peeled it back to reveal the light pink lining still soaking up what had gotten on it. There was a much bigger patch on the bottom layer, and I was so pleased to see it. I decided to kneel and then sit in seiza with my legs folded underneath me. I imagined someone being shamed and chastised for losing control in an expensive rental kimono, especially a furisode that women wear for graduations, 20th birthdays, and other special occasions. I stopped to take more photos. Then, I took the kimono off and snapped another picture of the soaked part of the back. The wet patch had spread from me sitting with it pressed between the backs of my legs and my butt.

Sorry if the pictures I've attached are a little confusing, since they were taken at different angles and my phone camera struggled to focus on everything that was going on. I resized them so they wouldn't be gigantic, but let me know if I made them too small!

1.) I tried to capture the back from the side.

2.) Here is the back from slightly above at an angle. The wet patch is wider than what can be seen.

3.) Here is a shot of the back hanging up on my towel bar.

4.)This is the top layer of the front. I love the droplets running down.

5.) Pictured is the lining of the top layer. I love how the different material soaked up more urine.

6.) This is the bottom layer and my personal favorite.

(There's more to my escapades, but it is less about omo and more about making sure every inch of the kimono got wet. I was only going to use it one time, so I really wanted to make it count. I did press it against me and think of someone super desperate and peeing into the closest fabric thing that they had on hand. If it's ok to continue the story, let me know. I don't want to break any rules.)

Also, if you have any images of irl wet kimonos/traditional Japanese clothes either wet or being wet, I'd love to see them!

(I wrote this and resized my photos while letting my bladder fill. My legs are now wiggling a bit, and I can really feel it when I make my muscles squeeze down around my bladder.)

*003*2017-12-29 22:02

{{8 hours ago, wetman22 said:

So this is extremely rare and I wish there were more of it. The story was well written and the pictures were magnificent! Thank you for such a rare and enjoyable treat! Please, feel free to post more.

}}

You're welcome! I wish there were more of it too. I don't often post about my escapades and have never uploaded pics, but this was such a rare scenario that I felt the need to share for all of those who, like me, are dying for this content.

{{3 hours ago, Kronosphere said:

Oh god, this is exactly my fantasy scene. Thank you so so much for this!

}}

You're welcome! I rewatch the kimono videos on here a lot and think about scenes like this so much. I feel you and am glad I could deliver.

*005*2017-12-30 08:53

{{40 minutes ago, razel said:

I want to find it sexy but I cant help but think of damaging the silk and ruining a nice set of clothing.

}}

Aww, I'm sorry. Mine really wasn't a high quality kimono. I wouldn't have done this to a high quality garment, unless it was damaged beyond repair and not salvageable for sewing. The pattern didn't line up, and this is a super casual print. I'm not sure if the upper part of the lining was replaced. Like I said, I bought it for 500 yen, which was about $4.30 USD at the time.

I understand what you mean about it though, especially with other videos. The ones that weren't if furisode were also pretty casual kimono that could be cleaned without too much hassle. I think some furisode can be washed. You take out every seam to wash the more delicate ones and then reassemble them.

