The Best and The Worst

Author: Hedonist

*000*2017-10-02 04:37

I moved to a small city some years ago, and I was getting acclimated to my environment. I was 23 at the time, trying to find work. A grocery store hired me as an overnight stock-boy. Every night I would work, 10 pm to 6 pm. When I would clock out, there was this amazing girl that would open. She was the head cashier. Straight long blonde hair, green eyes, some cute freckles, and a body that was....just wow. Petite up top with just the sweetest little bubble booty. I couldn't help it, I had to go ask her a dumb question or two. I know I was dirty and sweaty from working all night, but I was compelled.

We introduced ourselves, and I found out her name was Jennifer. I had a little bit of shopping to do one morning after work. While I was in line for her to ring me up, I realized that I forgot to get milk, so I went to Jennifer and asked it was okay to leave my cart for second. She told me that it wasn't a problem, and I ran as fast as I could to not hold anyone up. I got back, did the transaction, as she handed me the change I dropped a quarter. We both sprung into action to catch it before it rolled away.

"I got it, I got it..." I exclaimed, reaching for the quarter as it spun around. "It's going toward me." Jen stated. She bent over to pick it up. She took her time doing this, and when she got the quarter in her hand, she turned to me while bent over and smiled...seductively. I thought to myself, "No way did I see this.." I twitched in my pants. She stood straight up, and put the silver plated copper in my hand. "Thank you." I expressed in a dual meaning sort of way. She nodded back.

I waited till she was done ringing up the next two people in line. I'm a fairly confident guy. I'm not ugly by any means, so I figured that I had a shot. So, I walked back to her and asked, "Jen, I'm pretty new around here. You look like a rock n' roller kind of girl. Could you potentially show me around the town sometime? Maybe show me a cool bar, some local music? If you have a boyfriend or anything, I understand..." Hey eyes opened up wider and sparkled, "It is Saturday, and I'm off Sunday. I'd love to, there's this cool place, and..." I got lost in what she was saying, she was so beautiful. We agreed to meet back up here when she got off of work at 4pm.

I took a nap, and woke up around 2pm just nervous to all hell. I can't screw this up, I'm going to meet up with this hottie. What if we have fun, and she decides to accept me in her bed? You never know. So, I thought about her. I masturbated three times to ensure that I would be a good lover if the moment required it. I know it sounds excessive, but I really, really, didn't want to screw up. I gathered myself together, got dressed, proceeded to meet her. I was wearing these polyester green pants I got from the Salvation Army, Converse's on my feet. I was feeling pretty cool. She invited me to ride in her car, and said that she needed to stop by her place to change clothes.

I stayed in the living room, and she came out with a pair of blue jeans and a nice short blouse that accented her cleavage. Little skulls on her shirt. I thought it was pretty awesome. So, we jump back into her car and we ride. We talk, get to know each other. She brings me to a little bar, and we drink some tequila shots together. Stone Temple Pilots plays on the jukebox, and she expresses her love for Scott Weiland. I liked STP too, and we sang along sharing some laughs. It was about 10pm, and Jennifer orders one last round. We must have had about 15 shots between us. Needless to say, we were tipsy. "Max, can you drive? I'm a little too...and I'll show you the way back to my place."

"No problem, lady. I'll get us there safely." I said as she handed me the keys.

We get back to her place. The living room was filled with posters, a lot of Punk memorabilia, some -off the wall- books, etc. We sit down on her couch, and she turns on the radio. "You're really nice, and fun to hang out with." Jen was saying as she poured a couple of shots. She had a pint of tequila in the fridge, which was rad if you ask me. Always prepared. Anyway, we slam a shot, and she asks me what we're doing a cheers to. "Hopefully, a kiss on your lips." I say out loud on accident. She smiles and we proceed. We're talking about life, where we've been, how we were raised. I leaned over and kissed her.

I couldn't help it. She accepted it and kissed me back. "Why?" She asks. "You're such a dream girl, how could I not?" Jennifer then moved to straddle me and kiss some more. I could've stayed there forever kissing her, but I had to go. I didn't pee yet, and I haven't even broke my seal at the bar. So, I was pretty desperate. I kept my composure and continued kissing. Her lips were so nice and sweet. I stopped and asked, "You want to take a shot? Celebrate this lovely kissing session?"

"I'm down for that.." She climbs off. "Stay right there, mister." She leans in for another kiss before heading to the kitchen.

I wait, and then get up to sneak to her bathroom. "Where are you going?" She jumps out of nowhere to stand in front of me, putting her hands on my arms, and kissing me again. "Oh, just going to the bathroom really quick. I'll meet you back in the living room, and.."

"Noooo...nope. I told you to stay." She orders while proceeding to try and turn me around. "I don't want you to leave." Jen says playfully. I kiss her back and hold my crotch, "But, Jen...I can't stay, but I'll love you forever.." I say jokingly, and we laugh. While laughing, I spurted a little in my shorts. I really clenched up there, and she presses her body to mine and whispers sarcastically, "Please don't go..."

"I'm going to go if you don't let me." I tell her softly, but also with a sense of urgency. I couldn't...even though this is a secret dream of mine, I can't just pee my pants in front of her. Gods, it would be terrible if she laughed and kicked me out. I can already feel the little bit I did do, and I look down to make sure it didn't seep though visibly. She looks down with me, smiles, and takes my arm to turn me around. "Ummm...err..." Another spurt came out. I turn around to walk to the bathroom. Jennifer jumps back in front of my path, "Let me go with you, please, I know it's weird, but.." she explains but is cut off.

"Ohhh...god.." I stammer as I felt everything warm and wrong happening at once. The strongest stream from holding for almost three hours just started filling my pants and running down my legs. Hissing so loud it was covering up the noise of the pee hitting the floor. Jennifer looked down the whole time and watched what seemed to be almost two to three minutes of peeing. The darkness started from near my side to the center, and just rolled down my pant legs. Her face was shocked, but couldn't stop watching. My hands were fisted, trying to stop with everything I had, but all I could do was let it all out.

We stood there in silence for a minute. I made a huge puddle on her wood floor. My socks, my sneakers, everything...soaked. "Jen...I couldn't help it. This never happened to me before, I'm so sorry..." Jennifer looked at me, her face was kind. She put her finger on my lips and consoled me, "I never seen a guy do this before. I'm sorry, I thought you were just playing with me. It's okay though, I have a washer and dryer. It'll be okay." Jennifer then proceeds to kiss me. "Take off your pants, I'll get them in the wash."

My boxers and pants feel really tight, maybe it's the wetness. I look down, half-ashamed, pull my shirt up, and start to unbutton. "Wait a second." Jennifer exclaims. "Mmmmm...what do we have here?" It's noticeable. I'm hard as anything, and it's showing big time in my wet underwear. "You like this don't you?" She asks, and reaches to touch me down there. Her hand slowly glides from the bottom of my wet shorts, up my shaft and with her index finger draws along the outline of my head. "It's really nice...I thought you might have been smaller." She says while giving me a deep kiss. Jennifer's hand then goes back down and she grabs me firm through the soaked material.

Then it happened. I felt the twitching while in her hand. I was exploding in my boxers. Another wet stain appeared, and all I could do was moan, twitch and moan some more. Jen looked down to watch what was happening. Not only did I just pee my pants in front of her, I just came in my shorts from her touching me. Premature like a kid. I blew it. How could this happen to me? I went limp, and I stood there, pee, cum soaked, and embarrassed beyond repair. Every fear of the worst a man could do on a date just happened. That's it, it's over, I'm a loser. Jen looks at me, I forgot everything, "Please keep me..." I begged in my mind. "Wow...and I thought I was different." She told me reassuringly. "Time for a shower then. I'm going to have to clean you up and hope you didn't waste all of your juice for just your pants." She takes me by the arm and walks me to her bathroom. As she undresses, showing her amazingly tight body in all it's glory, she says, "Wait till I tell you what I like.."

*001*2017-10-02 07:13

This was without a doubt one of the wildest nights I ever had. Never was I able to share anything like this with a person since. I was lucky beyond belief, and I'll never forget it. I liked her, she was a fun person, and it was unfortunate to find out after a couple of weeks that she did have a boyfriend. I couldn't bare to go further, so I stopped seeing her.

*002*2017-10-02 18:30

Thank you. I know there's a fiction writing area if it were fake. All I know is that whole weekend was filled with crazy love, and I do everything I can to remember every bit of it.

*004*2017-10-05 07:04

{{1 minute ago, AliasnameTO said:

But... What does she like?!

Awesome story. She sounds remarkably okay with everything. Hell of a catch. :D

}}

I spread out this beautiful night in three parts. I'm currently writing the third as we speak. Just taking the time to do it all justice.

