Soaked my bed - again

Author: Helena

*000*2021-02-18 14:47

Some nights ago I was in for bedwetting again. It was just a couple of weeks since last time, but sometimes I can´t help myself. I got the well known urge at bedtime that "tonight was the night". So I had a (big) cup of tea just before bedtime. We watched some Netflix serie and I saw that my husband looked at my tea cup and I can imagine what he thought about... He didn´t say anything though.

Well, bedtime and to be sure to be bursting during the night I also downed two big glasses of water.

Under my sheet there is a rather thick mattress comforter that can contain rather much pee. And under that is my waterproof matress protector of good quality that breaths and dosn´t make any noise. So it feels like an ordinary bed, but it´s always protected... just in case...

As presumed I woke upp already around 1 AM, bursting. Tried to fall asleep again, but it was impossible. I had to pee so much. So I did. It started as a small trickle but soon became a steady stream. The wet and warm puddle spread out under my hips, legs and up under my tummy reaching my breasts. I was soaked! As was my bed.

I turned around and actually fell asleep in my wet and cozy bed. 😊

I woke up again at 5 AM. Still soaked of course, and know needing to pee again! Without much hesitation I started to wet my bed for the second time. I felt it pooled around my bum and under my back, making my bed even wetter and warmer. Mmmmh...

I lay in my puddle and reached to feel my panties. Sopping wet. Of course. My nightgown sopping wet as well.

I dozed of but woke up already an hour later, just before the alarm went off. As it did my husband woke up. We said god morning, as usual, and my heart was racing because I know I had to confess what I had been up to during the night. He said something to me, and I honestly don´t remember what it was. Maybe a comment on the snow outside the window. I said it straight but in a somewhat lower voice "I have peed my bed", "Oh", he said, "It´s so wet. Really wet", I said. "You can continue to sleep in my bed if you want", he said. "Thanks. Can you maybe hand me a dry towel?", I asked and he went to the bathroom and came back with one that he handed to me, standing beside my bed with a big wet stain.

It soaked thru right away, so I ended up in his bed anyway to rest for another hour. And I was so relaxed!

&&

*005*2021-02-21 10:13

{{On 2/18/2021 at 8:04 PM, Tall Cake said:

That sounds amazing. I love the idea of doing this, but is it not too uncomfortable/cold to sleep on wet sheets like that?

}}

No, if one keep the duvet on the wetness will be warm. If it’s to wet to be comfortable you can put one or two towels over the wet spot and change PJ. Sometimes it still soakes thru, but it’s dryer anyway. And I think it’s also about training, to get used to sleep in a wet bed.

{{9 hours ago, wetskipants said:

Sensational. A double is amazing. Your husband sounds very understanding ... does he think it's an accident or does he know about your fetish?

}}

He knows. And yes, he is very understanding! 😍

Had two big cups of the just before bedtime this friday evening. And well, you guessed. It happend again... 😊

I didn’t say something yesterday morning, I was a little ashamed that it happend so close to the other time above, but he of course notised that I had to do the laundry again... He didn’t say anything either.

