An Outing That Almost Ended In Disaster

Author: HarryPotterFan

*000*2012-08-08 22:42

So, it's taken me.. *looks* A year to get up enough courage to finally post one of my personal experiences on here. I suppose that shows you just how shy I am. >.< Anyway, when I was about 12 my uncle got married to the person who is now my aunt. One day my aunt decided she wanted me to go shopping and stuff, and generally just hang out with her for the day. I agreed and so we decided we would do it the next day.

She picked me up around 8 in the morning and we went and ate breakfast. Not thinking or worrying about it, I ended up consuming two large glasses of water during the time we were eating. (which, as I didn't/don't drink a lot, was unusal in that sense as well) I have a big bladder and generally can hold it for quite a while, but even so I'm usually cautious about drinking a lot and such. Thinking about it now, I wish I hadn't even drank one glass that day, let alone two.

After breakfast we went to numerous stores over the course of the next few hours. Around 11 I could feel my bladder starting to fill up, and telling me it needed to be emptied. It wasn't that bad, so I decided not to worry about it for the time being.

I was fine and had pretty much forgotten my need until we walked into a restraunt to eat lunch arount 12:30. The thing that really made me remember my need was when we were getting seated at a table, and a few feet away there was a decorative mini water fountain thing.. >.< Water was of course flowing out of it and such, quite an anoying sight for anyone who has to pee. But, come on, we all know what water can sound like, right? Exactly..

We took our seats and ordered, and by this time I'm tensing my thighs together and shifting a bit and trying to make sure it wasn't noticable. Despite my full bladder, it was quite hot outside and I was thirsty so I caustiously let myself drink some of the Sprite I had ordered. Of course, I could have just told my aunt I needed to use the bathroom, but I'm quite a shy person and always did/do have problems speaking up. It seems so embarassing to me...don't know why.

I managed to get through lunch okay, and as far as I was aware, my aunt knew nothing about my growing predicament. We finished, and got up to leave. I sighed quietly to myself as I looked over at the bathrooms, but didn't say anything. A minute later we left to do a little more shopping.

As we rode in her car I crossed my legs, figuring it would look causual enough to not be suspicious. It wasn't as if she could regonize my signs, right? We talked as we walked through the next two stores, but after a while I wasn't as interested in the coversation. By now It was at least 2, and I could swear the little bit of Sprite I drank had gone straight through me. When she wasn't looking I would slip my hand down and grab myself for a couple seconds before letting go. I was getting to a point where I knew I needed to go, and soon.

After another agonizing 20 minutes, my aunt looked at me funny. I suppose I had gotten so desperate, I had stopped paying attention to how much I was shifting or bouncing. I cring in embarrassment as I remember the conversation that followed that look.

"Are you okay?"

"Yeah um I'm fine." I lie. I'm quite good at lying actually, but at this moment, It was totally unconvincing.

"Are you sure? Cause you're moving around and bouncing like you have ants in your pants or something."

*Blushes furiously* "Um..I just..I'm excited is all." By this time we are standing still in the middle of an isle and I am trying not to move around, but I can't help it. I was crossing and uncrossing my legs and fidgeting, shifting on my feet. I felt as if I was acting like a 3 year old, and I was furious with myself, but it couldn't be helped. I saw her glance at my movements and raise an eyebrow before her face sort of softened and she dropped her voice to something closer to a whisper.

"Do you have to use the bathroom?"

"I um.." I almost denided but I felt my bladder contract and knew it wasn't an option. I was closer to having a full blone accident than I had been in a while.

"Yeah. Yeah I do." I was blushing red in embarrassment at having admitted it.

"You could of just said something...come on then." She mutters and gestures for me to follow her. I remember I was scared that she was mad, but that wasn't the case.

The bathrooms were at the back of the store and I was fighting the urge to grab myself again the whole way there. She seemed worried as she took another glance at me and seemed to speed up. I could have gone by myself, but I didn't know the store that well, let alone where the bathrooms were, and I don't think she wanted to chance me getting lost on the way to the bathrooms. After a few minutes, which seemed like hours to me, we reached the bathrooms.

"I'll wait out here, you go. And you really don't have to be so embarrssed." She said to me lightly. I blushed and quickly went in, holding myself and squirming the moment I was out of her sight.

As if things couldn't get any worse, there were no stalls open. And there were ladies in line ahead of me. Only about 3 of them, but still, I was about to burst. I was almost crying, embarrassed and scared of the idea that I wasn't going to make it. I squirmed and bounced, all my pride gone as I openly held myself.

A stall opened, but the next lady in line didn't go in. I looked up and saw her frowning sympethetically as she looked at me.

"You can go ahead of me sweetie." She kindly said to me. I looked at her in slght shock.

"Really? Are you sure?"

"Yes, you look like you need to go more than I do. Go on."

"Thank you." I managed to finish thanking her before nearly running into the stall. My hand shook slightly as I hurriedly locked the stall door.

I crossed my legs and bounced on my feet as I undid my shorts as fast as I could. Right as I began pulling them down I felt my achingly full bladder just give up and begin to release. The torrent of pee flooding out of me dampened my underwear and left a quarter sized wet spot on the crotch of my shorts before I could sit down and enjoy the relief. But I didn't care since the little wet spot wasn't too noticable, I was just glad I hadn't had a full blown accident.

So, thats my story.. lol. Hope you liked it :)

*002*2012-08-08 23:28

{{ 

That was a really good story, got any more?

}}

Hmm...a couple, but I'll save them for another time.

*007*2012-08-12 22:25

Plastikkat, to answer your question, no she really wasn't. But I generally act that way with everyone. So it wasn't just her, I acted quite similarly with everyone.

