Genuine accident

Author: HarryWetter

*000*2017-07-23 21:50

This was about two years ago now whilst living away at university.

I was living in a privately rented house with three housemates.

This one time I was walking home from an event in town, can't remember what, but I do remember that I was wearing black skinny jeans and possibly a tshirt and hoodie, not sure about the last two but definitely the jeans!

The walk home was about 15-20 minutes and throughout I was feeling more and more desperate to pee. Personally, I'm not that much into desperation but I've always been good at holding it in. I got the end of my street and was really starting to struggle, my walk had turned into more of a hobble. One of my housemates had what would have been the living room as a bedroom so we all entered and left the house via the back door. To get to the back door you had to go through a tunned under the house which led into either ours or the neighbors garden.

I genuinely considered stopping and peeing against the wall of the tunnel as I was in agony, but it was broad daylight and I couldn't bring myself to do it.

I got to the back door and fumbled with the keys to unlock it. By this point I was spurting, not much though as I was doing quite well holding, but still in a lot of pain.

I close the door behind me, not even locking it but heading straight for the bathroom. Luckily that was right in front of me. The back door was at the end of the kitchen and the bathroom was at the back of the house, just past the back door.

I lock myself in the bathroom. As I turn to face the toilet it started to happen. Panic set in, this was the first time I was genuinely having an accident. Trouble was, I was wearing my favourite jeans. But that was just one thought going through my mind. I wanted to continue, the idea of wetting freely AND by accident excited me. Although, I remember there being some housemates in. Could I risk a full wetting then getting to my bedroom upstairs unnoticed? Whilst these thoughts were going through my mind I was still leaking. This all happened in a matter of seconds so I knew i had to make a decision.

I grabbed my crotch and could feel it was damp. I thought I'd do the best of both worlds. It took me a few seconds to undo my jeans and pull them down. I noticed a dark patch over the front. Leaving my boxers on, I sat straight down on the toilet and let it all out. I was heavy breathing now, mostly out of relief and feeling the pain disappear, but at the same time it was exciting and warm.

Once I had finished I sat there for a while in disbelief. I just had an actual accident. Huh. I looked at my jeans again and felt the wet patch over the front. Given the jeans were black it as hardly noticeable but I was still concerned about the journey upstairs. I still had no idea who was in.

But now a new dilemma. I'm wearing wet boxers. Do I leave them on? Pull my jeans over them and hope nothing new shows? Or do I take them off and stick them in my bag?

No way, I'm not putting wet underwear in my bag, I don't want that smelling. So I pulled my jeans back up and stayed standing for a while to see if any more wet patches were starting to show. Considering i had just wet sitting down, I felt my ass was starting to get damp but couldn't see round to check if it was staining. I was also listening to hear if anyone was coming downstairs or in the kitchen. I picked back up my bag from the floor and wiped up what I had leaked previously. There wasn't much mess fortunately. I flushed the chain and quickly unlocked the door, rushed through the kitchen and up the stairs. My room was immediately to the left.

I had made it. It was only a small trip from the toilet to my room but the adrenaline was pumping. I had just had an accident, which turned into a wetting, then the chance of getting caught? It was all a bit exhilarating. To add to that, the whole situation was turning me on a bit so I had that to... address, which I did.

And there's my first accident from uni. I have loads of other experiences but they aren't accidents ;)

