Two times in two days (pics)

Author: holding-myself

*000*2023-01-04 09:11

I was home alone on the last two days, so I had some holding and wetting fun.

On Monday I started in the morning and kept myself well hydrated with lots of water and tea. When I started holding I made myself a large jug of tea and grabbed another bottle of water. I sipped them away to fill up my bladder. I was wearing my tight blue spandex shorts under black sweat pants and a t-shirt.

While holding and waiting I did some laundry and other household stuff and spent some time on this forum. After some time I couldn't sit still anymore and became ever more squirmy, often using one hand to hold myself.

&&

When I was achingly full and thought I'd loose some dribbles, I placed some used towels on the tiled floor, sat down and let it all go, slowly, changing positions several times and playing in my puddle.

Yesterday I was still horny and wanted to do another hold. This time I thought of going about it more slowly, so I wore some loose fitting pants and boxer shorts in an attempt to hold it longer. I started around 11:30 and went about my normal activities. I went outside for a walk, had lunch, did some more laundry and vacuumed, while my bladder filled nice and slowly. At 14:30 I felt a veritable need to pee, but not so bad, so I kept holding. My bladder muscles seemed to be still exhausted from the day before, so I had to use my hand more often.

At 15:30 it became really urgent, but I wanted to reach 5 hours, so I sat down and tried reading some sites in a book. I was hard to concentrate. At 16:15 I nearly lost it. I changed into tight blue panties and jeans, cause I wanted to soak these. Again I put some towels on the floor and let it all go. First standing, then sitting down and playing with my wetness.

&&

&&

&&

I thought of holding again today, but tomorrow I've gotta go back to work and my bladder needs some time to recover. But I really enjoyed those days.

*003*2023-01-05 15:10

Yup, absolutely. Both of it. 🙂

