Buying clothes to wet

Author: HarryWetter

*000*2017-07-29 19:39

Hi all,

Late last year before I moved back home in the new year for personal reasons, I was very lucky in terms of me being able to explore all of this.

I was working a well paying job and living with a housemate who kept to himself.. a lot. I have bought clothes in the past mainly to wet with, like shorts and such, but I thought with a bit of disposable income I'd treat myself. Also knowing that we were to both move out in a few months, and he was moving out a month before me I'd have a lot of time to myself.

I had been living in this city for 5 years now so didn't want to be seen shopping for specific clothes and risk being noticed. This is also when I should mention I wasn't looking to buy mens clothes. I have always had an interest in female wetting and wetting in tighter clothing, such as swimsuits, leggings etc. So this was my intention, not cross dress as such but buy specific items of clothing I like to see someone wet in. I've also been sort of jealous how, if a female were to wet her underwear or a bikini for example, because the material hugs your body it's only the crotch that gets wet, whereas with male underwear, assuming I'm wearing boxers which I do, the leg parts get wet as well and suddenly there's much more wet material to contend with.

Luckily for me a lot of clothes on the website I was looking on were on sale.

These are what I bought:

Dark navy blue swimsuit with dark red logo and trims. Pack of 4 various bikini style briefs. Black/very dark blue jogging style shorts. Blue/purple three quarter jogging bottoms. Thermal black leggings. All of this and delivery came to about £20 which I thought wasn't too bad.

When they arrived I was quite excited to be honest. The idea of wetting in new clothes was quite a thrill.

I rummaged through the delivery package to find the swimsuit. I was worried. It was folded neatly into a sealed plastic pouch. It looked way too small. I pulled it out and held it in front of me. It still looked small. But I'm persistent, I slipped into it and took a few attempts to pull and rotate my arms to pull it up. Maybe it just needed to be worn in to? Luckily this was the case. If I'd ordered one size up it would have fit perfectly as it was a bit tight around the shoulders but it felt great, and smooth. I was eager to carry on but I forced a dribble out. It circled over the crotch and streamed a bit down to the floor. I examined the damage and saw the material was dark enough to almost conceal the wet spot. Perfect.

I next pulled out the thermal leggings. I wasn't sure what to expect with these but they were lined with a fur like material and felt really comfortable. I almost felt bad wanting to wet them as even for men they'd be perfect for in the winter. But they went on over the swimsuit.

As well as my interest in wetting the items in particular, I also prefer accidents over purposeful wettings, and discreet or secret wettings over public ones. I thought up a little scenario. I tried to imagine if I were a young woman going to the pool or beach. What would I wear over my swimsuit?

Over the leggings I put on the jogging shorts and found one of my own t shirts to put on. I stood in my room and shuffled my body around to feel the material of the swimsuit rub and pull in places around my body. I've only ever worn trunks to a pool so this was a new experience for me. Constricting but oddly allowed complete free movement. But that's the idea of them, right?

Now I wasn't exactly desperate to pee at this point, and my housemate was in so I didn't want to lock myself in the bathroom for hours waiting to pee. Although, I had been at work all day and was lucky that my housemate was there to sign for my odd, large package. But he asked no questions. So at this point it was around 8/9pm, so there was a good chance he wasn't going to come downstairs for anything. We were renting a three story house with three bedrooms but with only two of us living. My housemate had the top floor which had two bedrooms and I had the middle floor which had my bedroom, the bathroom, and a separate study room which I used for games and personal work.

I decided to grab some drinks, close myself into my little computer room and just wait. After an hour or so I'd completely forgotten what I was wearing and the excitement came back. I still didn't need to pee properly and didn't want to force anything out. I prefer natural wettings over forced. I carried on waiting, feeling more and more full, drinking more and more drinks. It was probably about 11pm/midnight when I started to feel the pressure on my bladder. I didn't have work the next day so was happy to stay up and on my pc.

I slowly let out some spurts. At first I thought the swimsuit was a bit to tight as I felt nothing spread, so I shifted and I felt the flow of pee spread over the crotch of the material and down to my ass. I stopped the flow and inspected the damage again. The outside of the leggings were completely fine but the inside was a bit damp. Luckily, the thickness of the material on the inside had absorbed the amount of pee that had escaped. The swimsuit had more of an evident mark over it. I then remembered my previous roleplay situation, imagining if I were someone visiting a pool and being desperate. So I carried this on. I waited not much longer until I knew when I released it would all come out. I opened the door to the room and listened for movement upstairs. There was none. The bathroom was the next room over from where I was so I let out little and large spurts as I walked into the bathroom, as if I were desperate and trying to make my way to the toilets.

Now I know a lot of women of all ages would normally take their suit off or peel the crotch over to one side (not sure if many people here would? :D ) to pee, but to keep with the scenario I locked myself into the bathroom, and all at the same time released fully whilst pulling down the shorts and leggings. I sat over the toilet with just the swimsuit on and peed. It welt amazing and was turning me on. When I finished I just sat there and felt around the swimsuit to see where got wet. See, this wasn't just for pleasure, I was learning what gets wet in different clothing, for .. science?

I inspected the damage of the other clothes and saw the leggings had received some dark blotches down the legs and the shorts were a much darker blue in the crotch. I pulled both back up to be fully clothed to see if any more wet stains appeared. Given the material of swimsuits, it had leaked any liquid it wanted to and the stuck to me. The leggings had absorbed some pee but overall there wasn't much excess pee which was nice. I pulled them back down and had,, some fUn.

I kept these clothes on throughout the night for a few more hours. The next time I went to the toilet I peed through both the swimsuit and the leggings.

Before going to sleep I changed out of these completely into a pair of the briefs and the three quarter lengths and slept in these. When I woke up the next morning, guess what I peed in.

I can try and memorise more times I wet in these clothes if you'd like, I remember this night vividly as it was the first time I'd bought clothes purposefully to wet in.

During December, I was in the house on my own so had almost free reign over what I did.

I did have to throw them all before coming home though, couldn't risk having them here.

