Casually wetting my jeans in front of my husband

Author: Helena

*000*2024-04-05 10:53

Even though I have been into wetting all my life, I finally start to get more confident to do it around my husband. He is not into it himself, but he is supportive. Mostly it is bedwetting, it´s so deliberating to just let go in bed. Especially when my husband is lying next to me.

But I want to do more casual pants wetting as well.

So - I got inspired from a forum member to wet my pants in presence of my husband. So I did... We where watching TV, Netflix, the new season of Blacklist, and sat in our sofa. I had to pee and started squirming a bit. My husband noticed, but didn´t say anything. I had blue jeans on, so if I would have an "accident" it would be quite obvious.

The snow had come back here in Sweden, even though it should be spring, and it was unexpectedly cold outside. The floor heating is sometimes a little slow when the temperature changes to quick, so it was also a little chilly inside. We had a fire going in the fire stove, but I still wanted a blanket over myself and my husband.

Then I got an idea. He couldn´t see what was going on under the blanket... so I started to leak. First a quick spurt, then a longer one. I could feel my panties and my crotch getting wet and warm from my pee. I had to adjust myself so I did not wet the couch, I do not want that. After half an hour I couldn´t hold it anymore.

I said: "Honey, we have to pause, I pee my pants..."

He said: "Oh, of course"

I took the blanket at the side and it was a big wet stain in my crotch and on my inner thighs. Very visible. He looked at me when I rose from the couch.

"It seems you have to change pants to", with a smile.

"Yes", and I looked down at my jeans and just let go. "Oups... couldn´t hold it any longer", I lied and smiled and watched the pee running down both my legs. It was obvious that I did it on purpose and my husband just smiled backed. I stopped just before it reached my feet, I didn´t want a puddle on the floor to mop, and went to the bathroom where I finished in my pants in the shower.

Took a quick shower and my jeans, panties and socks to the laundry and after a new set of clothes I was back in the TV-sofa.

"That´s better, let us continue!".

