Pee interrupted

Author: Here4theFun

*000*2024-08-13 22:45

This happened a couple of weeks ago on a girl trip to the coast. Every summer my group of five go to the beach and one of them always insists on renting a boat for a few hours. I do have to say I do get dizzy from the movement supper easy, so this time I took two pills with a lot of water to make sure it didn't happen when we left the house at around 11 am.

We managed to snatch a little motor boat for four hours, got some chips, drinks and we were off at aprox 12:30. There weren't super big waves, just enough to make the ride a little bumpy.

One hour in we are still looking at hidden beaches and a place to park the boat so we can rest and maybe have a little dip. The coke has been opened and we are just enjoying the way the speed cools us off a bit. After a bit of searching we find a small port and decide to go in. I suggest we hook our boat to a buoy but they insist on throwing the anchor (despite me pointing out it was a no anchor zone). And because they make me nervous and a bit dizzy I drink and subsequently start to feel the need to go.

The port handler comes and tells them basically what I had told them before, so finally we do find a free buoy and hook the boat, although we are warned that if the owner of the buoy comes we have to leave.

Half an hour passes and we drink more, eat more chips, and a friend jumps in the water. By then I'm feeling quite desperate so I decide that once the friend comes up I'll go down and do my business without any of my friends noticing.

And thats exactly what happens, I jump, the water is wonderful and I let myself swim for a bit to warm up and make it easier for me to go. My plan is to hold on the little ladder at the back end of the boat and pee, that way I don't have to be swimming and don't run the risk, minimal as it is, to get run over. But when I go to hold on the ladder a friend comes and tells me to pose for pictures since I look nice, and so I do, we take some shots and I smile through the desperation.

You'd think that once my friend was done I would be free to finally pee in peace, but oh, I was so wrong! I did manage to get going and start emptying myself, but just as the relief starts coming what does it appear? A yacht, big, chrome and the most expensive looking boat of the little port. It belonged in a James Bond movie being driven by the villains. And in my book they might as well have been, because they were the owners of the buoy we were hooked on.

So I had to clench my muscles cut the pee in a second and clamber up, because we needed to leave asap. Let's just say I felt every bump of the waves as we left the super yacht and the old men insisting we go over to their vessel behind.

A half an hour later we managed to find another little port and use the same strategy but before I could jump to continue relieving myself the same thing happend, although we only had to move buoys this time. But once again, we had only hired the boat for four hours so I just resigned myself and held it the time remaining.

You'd think I may have an opportunity once we were on land but you'd be completely mistaken. Worse, all four of my friends decided to get ice cream, I was too desperate to think of partaking, although I did suffer the wait.

By 5 pm we were finally approaching the car, and by 5:40 pm, after getting changed beside it, we were on our way to the Airbnb half an hour away.

As much as I struggled I did make it to the toilet in time and finally got the coke and all the water out of my system.

*002*2024-08-13 23:04

{{3 minutes ago, Biku said:

What was the outfit?

}}

Bikini, top part white bottom dark blue greenish

*005*2024-08-14 01:45

{{1 hour ago, wettingman said:

Cutting off the flow once you start tasting relief had to be incredibly difficult . Did you leak a bit afterwards . In any event I enjoyed your story

}}

It really was! I don't usually leak and I don't think this was the case either, I was wet from the sea but I don't remember feeling anything like that

*008*2024-08-17 11:00

{{11 hours ago, DespAndHold said:

Love this story it is a particular treat for me someone being interrupted when just getting relief and happened so often for you. Holding after letting a little out must have been tough. Did all your friends get to go but you didn’t?

How did it feel to finally go at the house? Did you run straight in or hide how urgent it was from your friends?

}}

I don't think they did, only two of us ended up going down to swim, so if anyone got to ho it was that friend. Although I know they drank less than me since none were fighting dizziness.

Once at the house I did go straight up, thankfully there were two bathrooms. I did hide it, no reason to comment on it when everyone was on the same boat 😅

