A 24 Hour Pee Hold

Author: helpineedtopee

*000*2016-07-09 03:51

First of all, this is my first story, so don't get mad at me if I suck!

###

*Backstory*

Katherine's Mom LOVES pee desperation. For that reason, she makes Kathering hold in her pee for a LONG time. This is her longest one yet. But both the Katherine AND miss Kat are in for a surprise.

###

3:00 A.M.

"Good Morning", Katherine Said. Surprisingly, today, a lucky day, Katherine woke up with a empty bladder. "Well, I don't have to pee, but I will anyways, just to be safe". Right after her pee, her mom is waiting for her by her bedroom door. "Good Morning Sweetie" Her mom says sarcastically. "Good Morning..."."Today We are going to be house hunting ALL day. I hope you peed already, because you won't be peeing for a WHILE". "Ok mom."

4:30 A.M.

"Katherine, Sweetie, we're leaving in half an hour. Go eat some pancakes and some orange juice."

"Okay Mom". Katherine, at the time, did not know that it would make her have to pee so soon.

5:00 A.M.

"GET IN THE CAR". "Kay' Mom". But can I pee first, to let what I have in come out?"

"Meh.. ok" What Katherine dosent know is that there are a LOT more drinks for her. When she comes back she says "Thanks Mom."

"Your Welcome. Now get in the car".

5:30 A.M.

"Were at the first house!", Miss Kat (Kathernes Mom) said. "Great!" Then Katherine's Mom Said, "You have to take your medicine. I know it tasted bad, so here, have some Fanta with this." Luckily , it was one of the mini fantas, and she only drank a sip. Miss Kat said "Done already? Well, imma take some for ME then. Oh, and by the way, no toilets until we get home, for BOTH of us. I will show you what REAL bladder control is.". Katherine sat in the back seat, glad to know she drank so little.

6:00 A.M.

Katherine began to get deep into thinking about this house, when suddenly her mom said "Katherine, want some Pepsi?" Gritting her teeth, she said "ok mom. But you can have the rest". She smiled, knowing her mom didn't know what she was doing. The realtor said, "So, what do you think?!". Katherine's mom just started to feel the pang in her bladder. It wasn't bad though.

7:00 A.M.

Katherine and her mom stopped at the mall for a "second breakfast", but they WERENT allowed to pee in there. ALL the bathrooms were broken. Katherine got a small Starbucks frappichino and some eggs and toast. Her mom on the other hand, ordered a large orange juice and bacon and eggs. But she does have a mammoth sized bladder, and once had a 29 hour hold. Katherine once held for 23 hours.

7:15 A.M.

Katherine and her mom went to the car. Then the met the realtor at the second house. It was for 1,000,000, but they WERE billionaires. The realtor said, "ma'am, do you consider this house"? She said "yes miss daud". Right then and there, she felt a couple drops squeezing into her 1/4th full bladder. Might I mention that she didn't pee before she left. Katherine also felt pee go in, but she had a empty bladder, so it wasn't HALF as bad.

7:45 A.M.

Already 7 hours worth of pee in miss kat and 4 in Katherine's. They didn't nessicarily feel a thing. Mammoth bladders, or as they thought. They were at the next house, a house for 850K, and kat and Katherine just drank a large soda EACH. Now they felt a small pang, but Kat knew she could hold it.

8:00 A.M.

Already a LONG day of house shopping, they decide to look in fed ex for moving boxes, then go to Home Depot to get a moving truck. This is when Kay drinks a small soda, saying to Katherine, "control sweetie, just control". She has no idea what that means.

1:00 P.M.

Katherine and Kat FINALY pick a house. They decide to go house shopping for furniture. (Bladder hour count, Kat:12 Katherine:6) On the way, they stop at McDonalds for lunch. Kat orders a large lemonade and a Big Mac, while Katherine orders a medium coffee and a small fries.

2:00 P.M.

Kat finally feels the little warning message in her brain that her bladder is at 2/4 full. Katherine is now 1/4 full. Kat is shopping shopping shopping, and she and Katherine get thirsty. They both order the same thing: a large coke.

5:00 P.M.

Kat says "Time to go home" Katherine says "ya". There house is 2 hours away, so it will be a good ride. Right when kat gets in the car, she says "Damn, all that shopping has made me forget that I had to pee. I'm 3/4 full I think". Katherine says, "well I'm on,y 2/4 full. How long have you been holding?"

"I don't even know" Kay says, rubbing her thighs together.

5:15 P.M.

KAT SAYS "OH, WHY WHY WHY DID I SAY WE COULDNT USE THE TOILET. IM BURSTING! well, I can hold on longer, I do have a big bladder. Katherine, just getting her bladder signals saying she has to go soon, said "mom, let's go to mcdonalds and get some leamoade". "Ok"

6:00 P.M.

Now, Kat NEVER uses public restrooms. She would rather DIE. Katherine was taught NEVER to use public ones. After they drank the lemonade, Katherine said "wanna go home now mom"! Kat said "oh yes, please please please. This lemonade has put me to my limit!" Katherine reached over to see how BIG her bulge is. She says "woah". She dosent know Kat is holding in 1 Gallon of pee in.

7:00 P.M.

Only 30 minutes away from relief, they get hit with traffic. Lat turned on the radio and it says "traffic for about 30 minutes." Kat curses under her breath "FUCK! That was my moment to pee in 39 minutes." Katherine just hit 3/4 full. Kat, on the other hand, just unthinkingly drank a liter of water. She said "oooooohhhhhhh, I didn't think about that. Now I am going to pee myself!" In an attempt to hold back her 24 hour hold, she held her crotch with one hand, and the steering with another. She crossed her legs, used the opposite feet for the pedals. She just had to pee so bad. Katherine didn't have to go bad as her mom, just a loose leg cross did it.

8:00 P.M.

Traffic is moving and Kat is only 2 minutes from relief. Then, Katherine says something. "Mom, can we go to Starbucks, it's down the street." Kat, knowing her dam will burst ANY second, and there is no drive through, said, ok, but on the verge of tears. Katherine also rendered one for her mom, and they both drank. Ktherine just reached 4/4. She now crossed her legs toghtly, knowing she had MUCH more time.

8:30 P.M.

THE GIRLS FUNALLY GET HOME, but then Katherine says this: "mom, let's see who can hold the longest. We will wear tight belts, after feeling each others bulge." Kat, loving challenges, said yes. 25 hours of pee threatening to escape, she was worried.

9:00 P.M.

2 Gallons of pee treating to escape any second, Katherine toughes her bladder. It was bulging abnormally, and she just brushed her hand across end it. Then kat peed. She peed for 9 minutes. That made Katherine lose control, and she peed for 7 minuets. Both were relieved and never spoke of it again.

Hope it wasn't too long but it is my first one.

