Documenting my hold!

Author: hollend12

*000*2018-04-03 05:28

7:21PM

Decided to do a hold since I had a lot of fun during last night’s hold ;)

The live-action omo thread is fun, but it’s easy to lose track after a while. So here I am.

I’m gonna set aside three water bottles for now and get more later (if I can hold it that long.) I’m trying to decide if I’m gonna do a diaper wetting, pants wetting, or a naked wetting. Depends on where I end up, I guess.

7:55PM

I just finished my first water bottle. I decided I’m doing a diaper wetting, so I grabbed a Goodnite and put it on. Not feeling much yet, maybe a 2/20. Onto bottle #2!

8:20PM

Okay, now I’m definitely feeling the effects of that first bottle. It’s getting hard to ignore my bladder, but I can still function without holding or squirming. Maybe a 5/10 at most. Halfway through bottle #2.

8:39PM

Finished with bottle #2. Getting to a 6.5/10. Bouncing my leg a little bit. Gonna wait until I start #3

8:45PM

Oh, fuck. The water hit my bladder really fast. I’m starting to get desperate. I’m squirming and bouncing my legs. I won’t hold myself yet. 8/10

9:01PM

I need to hold myself now, and it’s hard to type with one hand. I’m squeezing my penis and grinding against my hand, and I’m getting really horny. This feels so good. I’m gonna start on bottle #3

9:07PM

I kept on in the same position as my last update, and I got rock hard. I’m jacking off now and I’m gonna edge so I can hold it all in. This feels so damn good. I need relief!

9:09PM

I came in my diaper and moaned so loud that my boyfriend heard me in the other room.

I can’t hold still. I’m bouncing, squirming, grinding, and doing everything I can. It hurts so good.

I’m halfway through bottle #3 and I keep almost leaking. I feel it at the tip of my penis and I have to squeeze so it won’t come out. My bladder is bulging out. I might get a belt just to add on the torture.

9:11PM

I called my boyfriend in to help me put a belt on so I could hold myself while he did it. Since my Goodnite doesn’t have belt loops (obviously) he had to tighten it more just so it would stay around my waist. It’s pressing down on my overfull bladder and it’s getting harder and harder to control it.

Fuck! As I was typing that, I leaked. It was a short spurt and it was quickly absorbed by the Goodnite.

I have a quarter of bottle #3 left. I’m so desperate!

9:14PM

I leaked again, and I almost couldn’t stop it. I pressed down on my bladder just to torture myself and it resulted in a gush of piss followed by a weak stream for a couple seconds (while I was trying to stop it). My boyfriend brought me a towel to use to hold myself and/or clean up any mess.

I have to piss so, so bad. 9.5/10.

9:43

I lost it. Here’s what happened:

I was grinding against the rolled up towel, making myself hard again but successfully keeping my bladder under control.

My boyfriend then came in, took one of my empty bottles from my desk, unzipped his fly, and started to piss in the bottle!

I leaked. A jet of piss came streaming out of me as the sound of his piss hit my ears. I had to hold myself and cross my legs just to keep it in.

He knows just how to torture me — he knows the sound of liquid makes me have to pee 10x more. And it wasn’t just a little bit, either. He had to pee.

When the bottle started filling up and his stream flowed into just liquid, it became too much to bear. Piss gushed out of me again, hissing as it filled up the Goodnite. I relaxed as I felt the diaper swell and warm up around my bottom. I sighed loudly, probably sporting a dopey, relaxed smile. Pure bliss.

As my boyfriend finished up, he set his bottle of piss down and grabbed my crotch, commenting on how he could feel my piss filling up the diaper.

I felt like I was peeing forever, and by the end of it my cock was rock solid.

My boyfriend layed me down, took his bottle of piss, and started to pour it on the outside of the diaper. It felt warm and pleasant as the diaper overflowed and pooled around my butt and legs. He undid the tape on the diaper and jacked me off until I came again on the padding.

After we disposed of the soaked diaper and towel, I gave him a blowjob as a thanks for an amazing end to my hold.

Now I think he wants to do his own hold, so I guess I’m done! Let me know if you want to know the results of his hold.

