The Best and The Worst Part 3

Author: Hedonist

*000*2017-10-05 07:25

I have her in my arms. "I'll carry her to the end of this world." I decided in my young mind as I walked toward the bathroom. I look at her, just to see how she's doing. Her green eyes with speckles of yellow, wide open, staring back at me. Was she looking up at me the whole time? Love twinkles in them, and I felt so strong. I would've maintained eye contact, but I had to make sure I handled her safely. That was more important. Her dark green panties were black. Soaked and stained from losing control, and still slowly dripping from her cute butt on my leg and the floor. Still there was the puddle I made earlier when everything short-circuited physically for me. I walked through it as if it were nothing but a wonderful reminder of acceptance. I position and sit my sweet Strawberry Lady softly on the toilet. We're silent, nothing but facial expressions of desire, respect, and love. I start the shower and get it to a nice temperature.

I can hear her peeing in the toilet. I turn around to watch, and she just continued to look me in the eyes with her legs open. A new dark shiny special wet area appeared as she released what she had left. "oooooo..." She exhales with her sexy glossed lips in content. "I still had some left."

"Wow.....still?" She looks straight at me in her gym shorts, stretched from my erection that didn't go away. She takes me in her hand, and strokes me through the netted material.

"I better be careful.." She teases as she lets me go. Jennifer then raised her hands up to me. I lean over, caress her body followed by a passionate kiss. "Are you ready, beautiful?" I ask. "The shower is ready." She nods like a good girl and motions for me to pick her up off the toilet seat. I put my arms under hers, and lift her back up to her feet gently. I open the curtain, and we go in. She's still in her panties, and I didn't take off the shorts. I gave her soft kisses and spent the extra time and care, washing her hair, conditioning it, washing/rinsing her body, studying her, trying to remember everything about her.

We stayed in the shower and kissed and loved. Jen slips her hand down her gym shorts that I'm wearing and holds me while we continue. I wanted to pee with her back on the bed, but I couldn't because I was so hard. Her soft hand holding me while she kissed my neck and chest was driving me crazy, but it also loosened me up. I let go for the first time ever comfortably. Peeing all over her hand and in my shorts. She gave me an excited kiss as we watched simultaneously the yellow flow down to the drain.

When I was done, she pulled my shorts down. I was half-on after I finished. "Awwwww..." Jen expresses with a playful sad face, and turns around to glide her bubble butt up and down on me. The drenched satin panties, and her warm softness re-tooled me very quick. We were done here, and I turned the water off. We proceeded to towel dry ourselves barring our wet underwear. She pressed herself against me, and I did the next natural thing. Picking her up in my arms to carry my Strawberry Lady to the bedroom.

We decided on Chris Cornell's Euphoria Morning. It was a sweet choice, and we set it on loop. I was invigorated. We were invigorated. We were prepared for the sun. Jen laid on the bed, and took me with her. We laughed and played and rolled around. I was ready for her. Physically and mentally, I was to do everything in my power to love her right. It was a festive loving at that.

When she guided me in slowly, we stared into each other eyes with pure joy. Finally, we felt each other for the first time and we were perfect. From slow we went to fast. To licking each other at the same time, to biting each other like cannibals. I was on top at the moment, and she excitedly tells me, "Do something crazy!"

"Okay." I respond as I punch a hole in the wall above the headboard. We stop for a minute, shocked, and then start laughing like fools going back to rolling around. "I promise I will spackle it later, I have the stuff in the trunk of my car..." I explain. "Shut up." She giggles at me. I think we broke a lamp too, but that was on accident.

The sun came up, and it was lovely. We watched it rise together in her bed. Our juices finally....were truly spent.

Things happen in this life. Things I can't explain even with a college education and a degree in science. All I know was that Jennifer was amazing to me. Maybe she was the one for me. I'll never know, but I'll never forget this night. There was something in our way, and I was pretty strong-minded about there being a boyfriend. I was young and it hurt my heart. I didn't speak to her again. There was no argument, nothing. I'll quote this Cornell song that played while we played because it's fitting.

Hello, I know there's someone out there,

Who can understand, and whose feeling,

The same way as me.

I'm 24, and I've got everything to live for,

But I know now, that it wasn't meant to be.

Cause all has been lost and,

All has been won,

And there's nothing left for us to save.

But now I know that I don't wanna be alone today,

So if you're finding, that you're feeling just the same...

We've been immortalized, Jen. I wrote this the best I could. If you were to ever see this, just know one thing. I appreciated and remembered you.

Thank you, for keeping me that night.

