Almost Made It - Girl Guides Camping

Author: Haruko

*000*2011-11-26 00:04

So I was in Brownies at the time, a variation of girl guides (Girl Guides of Canada) for ages 7 and 8. We were on a 3 day camping trip one city over from where I live and we were going to be sleeping in tents outside the cabin where the leaders slept. If it rained we’d turn it into a sleep over in the basement.

Now, I was 8 years old at the time and I had a new irrational fear associated with going to the bathroom other than just being afraid to tell people. For whatever reason, I was afraid to say I had to go after someone else already had. To this day, I still don’t know why.

Anyway, we had been involved in activities all day around town until finally we got back to the campsite/cabin. My tentmate invited some friends from her girl guides group over to our tent and we were talking when suddenly one girl said “I’ll be right back, I have to go.”

Due to her not being specific and my limited vocabulary, I asked “Go where?” and she replied “Bathroom”. I felt kind of stupid. After that she probably thought I was dumb.

When she said that, I began to realize that I too had to go. As I have already said, I had an irrational fear of excusing myself to go after someone already had, and the fact that she made me feel like an idiot didn’t help any.

So I held it and held it and held it until finally it was dinner time. By now I was getting pretty desperate, but I didn’t want my tentmate and her friends to know I had to go the whole time so I continued to hold it.

Finally, my bladder finally seemed to say “Fuck You... I’m gonna pee whether you like it or not” and I dashed to bathroom as fast as I could, praying I’d be able to hold it. It wasn’t too far because we were eating in the basement and there was one about 6 meters from where I was sitting.

I made it into the bathroom on time, however I didn’t make it to the toilet. There I was standing right in front of the toilet, hopping up and down with my legs crossed trying to undo the button on my uniform pants. To my dismay, it was stuck!!! I tried and tried to get it undone but I just couldn’t undo it fast enough.

Before I could even try stuffing one hand between my legs to keep it in while I played with the button, pee started uncontrollably rushing down my legs onto the floor, soaking my brown uniform pants. I couldn't stop!!

Unsure what to do, I started to cry until finally a girl knocked on the door and asked me what was wrong and if she could come in.

My heart beating, I opened the door. Strangely she didn’t seem to notice my wet pants due to how upset I was. She asked what was wrong and I tried to answer, but all that came out was “I... I...”

The girl took me upstairs to the leaders and I ended up stuttering my way through explaining that I had wet myself. The leaders were not impressed, nor did they enjoy helping me clean up, which they were convinced they had to do seeing as I was “only a child” (seriously, I could have cleaned myself up for the most part and the floor I would have been willing to scrub).

Anyway, by the next day, word of my accident had spread across the camp. Everyone knew about my wetting. Whether they deemed it understandable or not since I was right in the bathroom when it happened, I know not. However, I’m sure I was not the only one who has done this in the past, although I was the only one for this trip.

Btw, I wasn’t alone... there was a girl who almost shit her pants because another girl threatened to flush her head down the toilet if she used the basement one (something about the small hole where everything gets flushed down to as opposed to the normal big one; I still don’t know what it’s called or why it was small to this day XD).

*002*2011-11-26 05:40

Thanks for taking the time to read it Saikon. This was probably one of the most embarrassing wettings I've ever had.

@kenshin: Sorry about the text color. I copied it from Google Docs into the thread and I was on the lighter colored thread at the time DX

*004*2011-11-26 21:06

{{ 

It's not a problem at all.

I just read your story, I can definitely say I hate people who act like jerks over a kid having an accident.

There was nothing you could have done to help it. You shouldn't be punished for being shy.

}}

{{ 

I'm assuming the camp counselors were girls as well? I'm a bit surprised to hear that they were so nasty about your accident. From what I've read from others, girls are typically much more understanding and calm in that sort of situation. And I hate how you said you would've been willing to clean up the mess on your own! An 8 year old shouldn't have to go through that kind of trauma. I wouldn't have even known how to clean up on my own lol.

}}

Ikr? It makes no sense to me still. When I went home they were all nasty about it like "Control your kid's accidents" kinda attitude O.O. For the most part the kids at the camp were nicer about it (although they were prolly talking behind my back), but the counselors? I mean they're adults! #1 they should be used to this kinda thing from working with children all the time in Girl Guides and #2 they're supposed to be there to not only supervise but be supportive to the kids if something (like this) happens. -_-

@The_Pancake: Yes the counselors were girls as well.

