Co-worker Accident!

Author: Hydrophilic

*000*2012-07-18 15:41

It's been quite a while since I last saw an accident. Especially since I've grown into a recluse recently. Was lucky enough to see one a couple days ago and finally have time to type it up. First, a little back story. If you don't care for back stories and just want to get to the accident, skip down to paragraph #5.

Let me start by saying, in real life, I'm very anti-social. I do not talk to people much, even the ones I like. Most people assume I'm a mute, while others try to talk to me for hours on end. I started working at this place (don't wish to share my employer) two years ago. I started out working overnight and never encountered this co-worker much during that time. Recently my hours got changed and I now start two hours after she does. On one of my first days working the new shift, I was on one of the machines with only her. She attempted to talk to me a bit and even knew my name, which I thought was weird. As I said, I never encountered her on my old hours.

For a long while after that, I never worked with her again. I'd still see her frequently around the building and she would always say hi to me but I wasn't interested. In the last couple months, however, I've ended up working with her just about every day. The first thing I really noticed about her, is that she drinks quite a bit. In the summer our building is exceptionally hot. When I arrive she's usually working on a medium, or large, iced coffee. When she finishes that, she fills up her water bottle, which i'd estimate at 32-40oz, and sometimes she even refills that one!

She seemed to be a pretty decent person so I decided to start talking to her. One of the best choices I've made. We now flirt constantly which makes the days go by a lot faster. She's a small, cute irish woman. In the winter she's usually covered up but in the summertime now she's always wearing tank tops and capris (the ones that look like regular jeans rolled up, which are pretty hot).

Anyway, this accident took place last Saturday. It was her first day back from vacation. I was not working on the same machine as her, but I was in the area right next to where she was working. She'd also have to walk past my machine in order to get to the front of the building, which happens to be where the bathrooms are located :).

Her bladder must have been in overdrive today. Within five minutes of me starting work, she was already walking by and into the bathroom. Thirty minutes later she made another trip. In the next two hours she made another two trips. After that, I was on break and when I got to work she seemed to have been moved :(.

I didn't see her again until after I got back from lunch. I returned to my machine and she was also on it. She informed me that she was working two extra hours. This meant that she'd be leaving at the same time as me. It was just us on the machine, we did a bit of work but mostly flirted!

Just to note, she didn't go to the bathroom at all during this stretch. When it was time for our final break we said goodbye as we didn't expect to see each other again that night.

I was a little late getting out of the building. When I got to the parking lot she was there and asked if I'd be able to jump her car battery (there was almost nobody at work this day and on top of that we were the only ones leaving at this time). I said it was no problem and drove over to where she was parked. A couple of attempts later and her car didn't want to start. She said she hated to ask, but wondered if I'd give her a ride home. She lives about twice as far away as me, but I obliged.

A few minutes into the journey and she removed her seatbelt. I jokingly asked if she trusted me that much. She replied saying that it was putting too much pressure on her bladder and that she should have peed before leaving . At this time of night there would be nowhere for me to stop either.

A little over halfway to her house, we hit a bit of traffic, which was unusual for this time. Turns out a fuel truck crashed and traffic was being diverted on to a different route. This ate up a few extra minutes. I should mention that for a while now she had her hands jammed in her crotch with her legs bouncing wildly. She wasn't complaining about it and was trying to carry on conversations, which wasn't working too well.

Shortly after getting off the highway and into the quiet residential area close to her house she started telling me to pull over. I thought she was joking, since we were practically at her house, until she screamed it while practically grabbing my streering wheel. I pulled over to the side and she immediately opened the car door. She couldn't even take any steps, just stood right there floooding her pants. She spurted a couple "Oh my Gods" at the start and was quiet until the end when she started laughing and telling me she was sorry. I stared in amazement (and horniness) for the duration. She offered to walk the rest of the way but I told her it was alright, she could get back in.

We arrived at her house. She thanked me for being so sweet and even said she'd invite me in if her husband wasn't home . I stared at her soaking wet ass swaying as she walked up the path towards her house. After a couple steps she turned around and sternly told me not to let anyone at work know about this.

Her door shut and I drove off to my own house... with my hand in my pants. I couldn't wait until I got home, lol.

