Friends Drunk Wetting

Author: Hannah McEnroe

*000*2020-01-30 13:55

So this happened at uni, I’d say we were around 20. I was at a party with a couple mates and one of them, let’s say Gen, was fairly hammered. Throughout the night she slowly got more intoxicated. This eventually backfired for her, as when running down the driveway all that alcohol must have caught up to her and she completely soaked herself. She was wearing light jean shorts as well so the majority there noticed and i think it’s fair to say she was very embarrassed. So just wondering has drunk wetting happened to any of you guys or a friend, and if so how?

*009*2020-02-03 08:33

{{22 hours ago, The Dark Wolf said:

Did she ever get over it?

}}

She received teasing here and there, but eventually everyone moved on. I guess everyone knew she was smashed at the time so it wasn’t that big a deal for most.

*015*2020-02-04 20:53

{{2 hours ago, tanin said:

I always wonder what's the full & real story of people mentioned in @i like wet bikinis story. It's hard to believe that this is the first experience of those people. I'll take a risk and say that they're - generally - experienced in wetting their panties. Especially ladies while wearing skirts/dresses. We may even suspect that for them peeing through panties is somehow known routine/habit/way to pee while they're drunk. For ladies it very easy, until they fall or something the aftermath is not visible at all.

Why do i think so? It's really hard to believe that when so say 'just go in your panties' to someone who's rookie there the person will agree just like that. I know that being wasted may strongly influence the jugdement and decision making process, but still it's somethig far from easy.

We will probably never know if such people are into wetting for pleasure aspects or is this just a way to tease someone or only a way to deal with the need to pee in a most comfortable way, but still it's very interesting topic.

}}

I’ve never actually considered this possibility before. You always get those at party constantly announcing they have to pee, or constantly referring to their need. Makes you wonder if this is just due to openness, or if they also get turned on by such a thing.

*020*2020-02-08 12:08

{{26 minutes ago, CarmenCD said:

Alcohol have tendencies to mess up your holding ability and judgement. I had quite a few real wetting accidents in my college years, some really embarrassing and public, when I misjudged my ability to hold pee when drunk. It still happens sometimes, but not as often than then, because I don't drink as much as in my college years. If I did, I would probably wet myself every time, since my ability and predictability to hold pee got much worse over the years.

}}

If you don’t mind going into detail, what happened in these public accidents

