I can't believe I forgot about this 0.0

Author: Haruko

*000*2012-06-07 07:02

Hello! I haven't posted in a while on this site, but I just had to share this when the memories of this came back to me the other day.

I was going through some old school projects and I found a CD I recorded of a presentation for English that I did my senior year of High School. When I saw this I suddenly remembered my almost accident that I had nearly right before I presented. How I ever forgot? I HAVE NO IDEA. It seems to be the closest thing to a public wetting I've had since I was about 8, although I didn't actually noticeably wet myself. Here's the story of that slightly terrifying day.

NOTE: I'm kind of hoping no one recognizes any events in this story, such as the unique nature of the presentation/performance. I would die if anyone from that class accidentally found this and linked it to me irl. I have tried to keep the details as vague as possible.

###

The day started pretty normal until the middle of my first class, when I suddenly realized I had to go to the bathroom really bad. Now, I was behind on my classwork and I needed to catch up. Since it was a computer class, that would mean that if I wasted any time, I'd have to come back at lunch to work on it. In addition to that, I've always been pretty shy about asking to go to the bathroom during class so I didn't dare ask. I figured that I'd just go before homeroom, which was right after that period.

The class ended and I found myself looped into storing some stuff in my locker for a friend. Before I knew it, my homeroom teacher was there and I didn't get a chance to go to the bathroom. I contemplated asking, but since it was such a short class, I figured my teacher may not let me go. That and I was nerve wracked enough as it was. I feared that someone might notice my panic if I drew any attention to myself.

The bell rang and it was time for English class. As I stood up, I felt a small spurt leak into my panties. Thankfully I kept things under control as I headed toward my class. I needed to be there right away in case presentations were going to be first. For the project, I was going to be singing a song. I would have to set up the instrument I was playing to accompany myself as I sang and I didn't want to be in the way of anyone else's presentation. Once again, I did not get a chance to go.

My English teacher explained that we would be learning about essay writing, which was going to be an important topic that I would need to pass this class and do well in university later on. I cursed in my mind as I thought "I can't miss any bit of this and I REALLY have to go."

Surprisingly, I hadn't started squirming at all, even though I felt like I could barely hold it any longer. I began to worry about my performance for the presentation. After all, singing might be difficult when you have a full bladder as it requires pressure from your diaphragm to move the air through the vocal folds. Soon enough, I also began to worry about wetting myself before we even got to the presentations. I raised my hand and asked to go to the bathroom, not caring if my face turned bright red or if I looked like I was slightly insane from the worry. I rushed to the bathroom once I got the ok from my teacher. Once in the bathroom, I let another spurt into my panties trying to get them down. But thankfully that was all.

PHEW... I had avoided an embarrassing situation and I could sing without concentrating on the pressure in my bladder.

The rest of that day went quite normally. I sang, I handed in the CD performance, and I attended the rest of my classes.

*004*2012-06-08 06:10

{{:

I'm surprised your shyness lasted so long. As Maria said, that sounded like a rather close-call....

}}

It wasn't so much the shyness by the time i got to english class but more the fact that I didn't want to miss the essay writing since it was over 30% of my grade 0.0. I was kind of worried about a lot of things at that point.

