Pee Dance in the Grocery Store

Author: Here

*000*2020-02-15 04:02

@@I had to pee on the way home from a meeting but didn't feel like going before I left. I stopped at the grocery store for some takeout and then to pick up groceries for the week. I remembered I had to pee as I entered the store, but forgot in my excitement to buy and eat my dinner. Dinner included a ginger ale, which I downed quickly. I always start my grocery shopping in the aisle farthest from the bathrooms, which is also where the checkout line is. By the time I got over to that aisle, with my cart, and remembered I had to pee...it was too much work to go all the way back to the bathroom. Plus, I figured I'd forget about it again, the way I had twice earlier. But, every time I paused in my shopping--to read something, examine something--the need to pee struck again, and I had to wiggle around to keep from going. Eventually, I was just dancing constantly. I was lucky that I have most of my shopping on automatic pilot at this point; I didn't really have to stop moving to get what I needed. In any other store, I'd be self-conscious...but this is a weird neighborhood coop where people where bare feet and bring their dogs and very little raises an eyebrow. The only worrisome thing was that the urge was not entirely controlled by dancing, and I knew I still had three more aisles plus checkout to go.

When I got to the last aisle, I was near the bathrooms, but was feeling pretty under control from all my dancing. I figured I would pay and then pee. As I neared the checkout area, I scanned for a till that wasn't as long...only to see that they were all long. This realization made me freeze with hesitation, right outside the bathroom, as a gush came out. Not feeling I had much choice anymore, I left my groceries at the entrance to the hallway where the bathrooms are, ran in, and peed. I was very glad I did, because it would have been a long ride home without space to dance like that. 🙂

