My 25hrs-no-toilet-challenge

Author: HereToStay

*000*2022-05-07 14:38

This week was one of the rare occasion that I had the house to myself over night when my wife was on a business trip (she‘s not into omo or pee play unfortunately).

So I wanted to make it a memorable experience and decided to not use the toilet for the 25 hours she would be away.

Answer first: I did it and I had sooooo much naughty fun.

But rather than telling every little detail (like me peeing in bottles, the tub, sink or outside) I‘d rather like to share two highlights.

My first highlight was "relaxing" on the couch while watching TV in the evening. At 8pm I got me a cold bottle of sparkling wine from the fridge, sat down on our living room couch in my jeans, blue polo and sneakers with some protection under me and decided not to get up for the next three hours whatsoever. I had taken care to keep myself properly hydrated throughout the day so I already had a nice little pressure on my bladder. Hmmmmm

After half an hour into the movie I opened the bottle and enjoyed the first glass. What is peculiar about sparkling wine is that it makes me desperate reeeeally fast. More than beer actually. Anybody else made that experience? So around 9pm I was already squirming. But I held on for more than another hour until 10pm before I finally gave in. And it was soooo goood when I allowed myself to thoroughly soak my boxer briefs and jeans. And it felt incredibly naughty to do it in our living room on the couch . After another hour I was totally drenched and sitting in a nice warm puddle. My ass was soooo wet. Even my polo shirt was wet aound the waist.

Needless to say that I totally had to get off after that.

FullSizeRender.MOV

FullSizeRender.MOV

*001*2022-05-07 14:43

The second highlight later that night (and after refilling with sufficient liquids) was wetting the bed. Especially, since it was the first time I actually tried bedwetting at all. I had invested quite some time in preparation, gotten myself a waterproof cover for the mattress and some extra bed sheets. And what shall I say: Well worth it!

I loved every second of it.

Once I started peeing I got extra naughty and peed all over my t-shirt. I completely flooded the bed until I was soaked up to the shoulders. And I loved the warm puddle under me when I moved around. I wonder why I never did that before.

And yes, I did also sleep in my wet bed. Felt really nice and naughty and cuddled up unter the duvet it didn’t get cold at all. Just wet, warm and totally comfy so I slept like a baby. So I guess the casual aspect of bedwetting really works for me as well. Best thing was when I woke up a couple hours later because I had to pee again and I could just add to my puddle some more. Hmmmmm I sooo much enjoyed the warm relief and the hissing and splashing sound from under the sheets. Felt like I peed forever and it spread everywhere. Had to get off right afterwards again , before I rolled around and slept some more.

*002*2022-05-07 14:50

Hope you enjoy my little report. I sure did

