Close Call at the Concert

Author: holding_king

*000*2021-03-21 23:14

Well, I've been missing going out to live shows just as everyone else has, but thats got me reminiscing about some of the great shows i've been to over the years.

This was five or six years ago, it was Slash from guns 'n roses, one of my favourite guitarists coming to town with his solo band playing a relatively small auditorium of four or five thousand. And i had floor tickets, my first time on a general admission floor.

The day of the show came and of course we hit downtown early for a couple drinks to get warmed up for the gig, we went to this small dive bar just down the street from the venue that has a juke box in the corner specializes in cheap beer and loud rock n roll, naturally this place was standing room only full of people getting ready for the show. after having a sandwich and two beers I went and peed, I didn't really have to, those beers hadn't even hit my bladder yet it was more of a preemptive pee because i knew we were heading over to the show soon.

As soon as i got back from the bathroom i ended up getting into some good conversation with a few others heading to the show and ended up staying and having three or four more cans of beer. I noticed the place was starting to empty out and looked at the time, oh man, I've been here way to long, the shows about to start! I've got to piss to but theres a line six people deep for the only two bathroom stalls in this bar! Screw it, I'll pee at the show. As soon as I left the cold air hit and made me realize just how urgently i had to find a bathroom!

Just a couple minutes later i was at the show, I found the mens room but what i also found was a line up that stretched from one end of the foyer to the other. Forget it, i need to pee but i'm not bursting yet, ill just wait until we are a couple songs in to the show then leave for a quick pee, they'll be no line then. So the next stop is at the bar line up which moved fairly quick and of course I had to get Two beer to last because bar service shuts down just after the main act starts.

Once inside the theatre my excitement and anticipation of the show took over and i was able to almost forget about just how full my bladder was getting and ended up knocking back the first beer pretty quick. we were able to squeeze our way up almost right to the front, centre stage about three rows of people back. best spot in the house, now if only i could break away and empty this bladder in a few minutes this will be a great night. 

Just then, I couldn't help but overhear a woman standing just in front of me with her friends talking about being at an outdoor festival in the summer time being absolutely bursting to pee for hours and drinking a ton of wine and water all day because it was so hot out. She said she knew that if she tried to leave she would never be able to make it back through the crowd to her friends. 

Eventually she didn't have a choice and gave in pulling her panties off and peeing directly into the grass she was standing on! luckily she was wearing a skirt so if you didn't see it happen you wouldn't have known.

After hearing that i began to realize that that might happen to me, only i'm wearing light blue jeans, if i pee, everyone will notice! Right then the light went out and the show started! The show is fantastic, The band is on fire! The crowd is jumping up and down, everyone is being pushed side to side! everyone is loving it, except me...its torture on my bladder! It's been manageable for the first half of the show, i was able to loosen my belt, and there was enough going on to kind of take my mind off my need, between the band and the crowd.

Half way through and we get to the long drawn out guitar solo, my bladder is bulging and hard to the touch! I'm dancing on the spot and not because of the music! nows my chance to go, I looked around, Damn it, i am surrounded by people as far as the eye can see. people packed like sardines all worshipping the act on stage, there is no way i'm pushing through all these people to get to the bathroom. And there is even less of a chance of getting back to this great spot. I have no choice but to hold It!

I still have no idea how I made it to the end of the show dry, the nice thing about being buzzed was that it probably helped me not feel just how painfully full my bladder was. I had gone the last hour of the show openly pee dancing in the middle of the crowd, i don't think i stood out that much, everyone else was jumping around too.

The concert was over and of course being front and centre also meant that i was the last one to get out. It must have taken fifteen minutes for all the people to funnel out. Now where is the bathroom, Fuck, the bathroom line was longer than it was before the show. starting at the back of the line and inching forward was brutal! I've never felt as desperate as i was at that point my bladder felt and looked like a watermelon! i didn't care what anyone else thought, I was sweating, hunched over gripping my crotch doing everything possible not to piss myself! 

Four people left in front of me in line and i did not think i was going to make it, luckily i wasn't the only one in this predicament. "fuck it" i heard from the guy second in line, he ran over to a garbage can, whipped it out and started pissing right there in front of everyone! The people that already got their relief laughed at that sight, but seeing and hearing that was the last straw for people like me! At least i was one closer to the front of the line! But thats when it happened, I leaked! i had it back under control but i had a quarter size wet spot on my jeans.

By some miracle, a couple people finished at the same time, the guy in front of me took the urinal, i had to hobble to the stall on the other side of the room, unzipping my pants and leaking the entire way! I did not even close the door, I pulled my already peeing cock out of my wet boxers and let out a torrent of piss that went on for at the better part of two minutes! I left only to see another guy with a wet stream going down to the knee of his jeans run into the stall next to mine!

I had gone back out to a couple bars after that and my bladder was so weak from that hold that i couldn't go more than an hour without rushing off to the bathroom!

That was the most desperate I've ever been on a night out, and I'm certain that everyone else has had a similar experience.I hope you've enjoyed reading this and I can't wait until things open up so nights like this can happen again!

*002*2025-04-23 23:42

{{On 4/21/2025 at 4:55 PM, BladderLad said:

That was a lot of liquid to hold! You must have a big bladder? 😀

}}

You know it! But it could always be bigger, that’s why we keep holding!

