Omegle chat

Author: Helloworldiwea

*000*2019-12-12 03:16

Chat partner wanted me to post here.

You’re now chatting with a random stranger. Say STAND WITH HONG KONG AGAINST THE CCP!

You both like omorashi.

Stranger: Hi

You: Hi. Asl

Stranger: 20 F Brasil

Stranger: u?

You: M22. USA. Holding?

Stranger: yep.you holding?

You: Not right now. How bad?

Stranger: 6/10,is not to bad

You: Wearing?

Stranger: just my bra and my panties

You: Try some tight jeans

Stranger: ok,just wait just a second

Stranger: now i am wearing,so..whats your name?

You: Mil. U?

Stranger: Jessica

Stranger: nice to meet you

You: Likewise. While I’m ok with chat, if your interested we can switch to video. I have skype and discord

Stranger: i dont feel comfortable in vids..so lets just talk...sorry

You: Ok.

Stranger: so,how your start to like of omorashi?

You: Seeing a friend lose it in middle school. U?

Stranger: is a long story,but basicaly i was peed myself in a horror movie in my house with my boyfried by my side

You: Care to elaborate?

Stranger: ?

You: Tell the long story with more details

Stranger: if you tell your story first

You:

You:

Stranger: bitch

You:

You:

You: Then she lot it.

You: Lost

You:

Stranger: do you have a cont?

You: Cont?

Stranger: i dont know the name in inglish,but you are login there?

You: Helloworldiwea

You: you?

Stranger: i will tell,but can you wait a little,i gonna fill my bottla

You: K

Stranger: bottle

You: Ok

Stranger: i back,sorry for take to long

You: It’s ok

Stranger: and,probabely my story will take a long time too because my english and my net...so dont have so munch hope if this story will be good..ok?

You: First your username on omo org?

Stranger: i dont have,but soon i will have

You: Ok. The. I’m ready for your story. Follow me on the site when you get the account

Stranger: ok sir

Stranger: i was have a boy who loves horros movie,so he always say for me see hallowin or friday 13 with him,and he wants to i see all the details....so sometimes i cant go to the toilet until the movies ends

Stranger: one day we start to see all the movies of saw,but i just haves can go between the movies..who for someone with my bladder sometimes this is hard to do...so before we start to see the 2,i was go to the toiler...but in the middle of him i was need again...so i hold and continuos to drink my big soda

Stranger: whens ends i was go to the toilet and we start to see the 3...but in the begin of the movie i start to need...so in the middle i was crossing my legs and one hand on my groin..when was near of the end i feel a little exit...i say for him pause the movie for i go...but he just say for me hold more 15 minutes

Stranger: i think in 5 minutes later i was very desperation...i was leaking until show in my shorts,so i beg for him pause the movie in all my desperation...for he see all my desperation he pause and say for me go ( thanks for go)..but it was very late..i pee with all my strengh on the sofa,i just cant move and continuos peeing in my beutifull sofa all the relief,was so munch good...when ends he apologized and says he gonna pause every movie we gonna see,after a shower i start to search this on the net..and after 2 days...i find omorashi.org

You: Cool. How old were u?

Stranger: 21

You: Had any accidents since?

You: I thought you were only 20?

Stranger: just for see if you was paying attention,this was happend 3 mouth before

Stranger: so,do you like of my story?

You: Yes

You: how bad do you have to go now?

Stranger: 8/10,all the water what i was to fill before the story starts to come in my bladder

You: You’re getting there

You: are you dancing?

Stranger: yep

You: How much?

Stranger: i trying not to dance to munch...but is getting more harder

You: Have you ever seen any of your female friends have an accident before?

Stranger: No,unhappy...but one day i see one of my friend crossing her legs

You: Do you know why she was unable to go before?

Stranger: no,i dont have idea

Stranger: and basicaly i just see this..sorry

You: It’s ok. Have you had any other “accidents” in last three months?

Stranger: ....maybe yes...,maybe no...what do you think

You: I think yes

Stranger: you are wrong

Stranger: just kidding

Stranger: look,is getting a little bad now,can i go before i have a acident?

You: Isn’t that the point?

Stranger: yes,but can i go master?

You: No you can’t. Drink some more water. You can also massage yourself as a reward

Stranger: ok,just wait a second

You: K

You: How’s the massaging going?

Stranger: i back,i almost leak

You: But you didn’t, right?

Stranger: yeah,i am a good girl..i just gonna leak if you say for me

You: Good. Then you only have to do five squats—not fifteen

Stranger: ok..i gonna try

Stranger: i back,no leaks yet..i dont know how

You: Good job. Half a cup of water instead of two cups

Stranger: right sir,wait a little

You: K

Stranger: i back

You: How was the trip

Stranger: was a torture see the sink on,if my legs and my hand was not cross and in my groin,i was will have a leak

You: Then you’re getting there. Put some towels on the floor and make sure to even them out

Stranger: right sir

You: Tell me when done

Stranger: done

You: How are the towels? Any wrinkles?

Stranger: no more my sir

You: Any leaks?

Stranger: maybe,if i take off my jeans i will see if i have

You: Do you feel any leaks?

Stranger: pls,can i take off?

Stranger: yes,sorry master

You: No you must leave them on. For even daring to ask, two more water glasses

Stranger: i gonna pop...but ok my master...i desert this punish

You: Yes you do. And no holding yourself either

Stranger: made...nothing come out...but pls master...PLEASE,let me hold myself

Stranger: if i dont do this i gonna wet myself

You: Fine

Stranger: THANKS

Stranger: now,for this i gonna drink my bottle

You: Let me know when done

Stranger: done,if i drink more i gonna explose

Stranger: i have to go so bad...can i..take off? this made everything more hard

You: No

Stranger: PLS MASTER PLS

You: Drink another bottle of water for asking again!

Stranger: i end my bottle...now,i have another leak...SORRY

Stranger: i am so full

You: Is the leak visible?

Stranger: no,is not visible

You: Good.

You: Describe your dancing

Stranger: FUCK,WHY THIS HAPPENING NOW,i have to made something,i be right back

You: Make what?

Stranger: i back,the door and a neighbor

Stranger: sorry,but now is visible

Stranger: i gonna lost very soon

You: Did the neighbor notice?

Stranger: yes,was so munch compelling

You: What did they say?

Stranger: i lie saying i let water fall in my pants...i dont know if they believe

Stranger: pls master,i gonna wet myself...pls let me go

Stranger: i cant hold anymore

You: Are you sure?

Stranger: yes,if going dow on a ladder made me leak..

Stranger: pls master...PLS

You: Sit down on the towels

Stranger: MADE

You: ?

Stranger: I AM SIT,WHAT NOW

You: Just wait until you pee

Stranger: another leak

You: You’ll keep leaking

Stranger: i am peeing

Stranger: sorry

You: How does it feel?

Stranger: is so amazing,i just want to have fun now..if you undestand me

You: Yes, I do. I hope at some point you’ll add pics to omorashi.org. Don’t forget to follow me helloworldiwea

Stranger: ok,i will..look..can you put this chat on the site pls..

Stranger: i will lose this pc,so i cant put this..so..can you?

You: Yes

Stranger: thanks

