Desperate at the Mall

Author: Here4theFun

*000*2019-12-22 15:16

Yesterday I had some fun with the omo discord and thought to share my experience here too.

Well, I had planned a holding session the day before, so when the time came everyone knew the general plan. I would fill up at home, when I was arround a 6/10 I would go out to the mall, do some chores, buy a grande tea at Starbucks and hopefully make it home.

I had drunk 670ml of water and a can of coke when I reached my desired desperation feeling. Then I asked the people what to wear to go out and they decided on baby blue bikiny panties and sporty pants with an elastic that dug into my bladder. Dressed I headed to the mall, feeling the cold and the wind that did no favors to my bladder whatsoever, and made me want to go even more.

The mall was very crowded, but with a goal in mind I managed to get my first ittem with only minimal struggling in the line to pay. The problem began to show itself when I went for my second item, every step I took jolted my full bladder, and because it was crowded I had to do some serious side-stepping and dodging. I felt squirmy, and my need to pee was at the forefront of my mind, making me do a discrete pee dance going from foot to foot at times and in the queue to pay for my final item.

Next step was getting the tea, as I would have to drink it before I was allowed to let go. I visited the mall Starbucks but the line was too long and was as crowded as the mall, so I decided to go to another one near my house, with the hopes of it being less crowded.

In the way cold air hit me again putting the cherry on top when going down some stairs really made me struggle to hold it in, as gravity pushed the litre of pee that I had inside against my pee hole. Every step down was a fight to regain control. And all I could feel was my bulging bladder pushing against the elastic of the pants.

Finally got my tea and headed home having surprisingly managed not to leak in the process. Home alone I took of my hellish pants, and decided to do the rest of the hold on just my panties. I laid down and drank my 500ml of tea slowly and crossing my legs as hard as I could, after all I was arround an 8/10 by then and twitching quite a lot in an effort not to pee myself right there.

After the tea my nice discord helpers decided to give me some challenges, like running hot water over my hands, making me stay still and opening my legs, or filling a glass of water and after drinking it, and so on. Finally totaling all my liquids consumed to 2L!

By then I was on the verge at arround a 9/10, getting little tremors and shocks in my bladder that took long to recover from, so I took the hold to the bathroom. I was made to sit in the toilet, get up and flush and then get up and put my arms over my head reaching as far as I could. This last challenge almost broke me, I only lasted about thirsty seconds before I felt my bladder protesting loudly and ready to explode as gravity pushed all the pee down.

I sat in the toilet knowing full well the next time I got up would be to remove my soaked panties. At that point I was at the end of my rope, I was begging to the chat to be let to pee, but I only got negatives as my legs trembled and my bladder suffered shock after shock. I could barely type coherently as I trembled and struggled for control. Arround five minutes later I was finally allowed to let go, mere seconds before I lost control myself.

I didn't wait even a second after reading those heavenly words before pee was shooting out of my urethra with incredible force, and giving in into the relief it brought soaking my panties nearly entirely.

I was peeing over a minute and after sent my soaked panties to the discord chat as a thank you.

What a great time!

