On Finals

Author: Hot2pee

*000*2016-08-09 08:44

A reader asked if pilots wear diapers. I think the short answer is no. Medical conditions that would mean a trip to the bathroom is urgent would preclude one from flying, however......

Its not always straightforward as you might think. It is permissible to go to the bathroom during a flight, however, NOT on landing. (Obviously).

So, I was pilot handling, and we were on approach having been held in a holding pattern for what felt like forever. Finally we were cleared in only to hear the unwanted 'go around'. No pilot wants to hear this as it means at least another circuit, and at worst taking up the hold....again.

So, my captain on that flight was quite a taciturn guy who hadn't said much all flight and certainly didn't encourage any light conversation. Knowing we would be in the air for at least another 20-30 minutes, I half considered asking him to take the aircraft while I nipped off to the Loo, but one look at his stony countenance and I decided not to.

By now it was as bad as it gets, back into the stack and my bladder making itself known. I should point out as well, that at the crew hotel the pr virus night, I had got off with one of the stewards. He was very VERY well endowed and my pussy was sore today anyway. We took forever to be cleared lower, and I was very uncomfortable. Finally we were on finals, but for me it was getting too late.

Every movement of my feet on the rudder pedals and I found that I could not be sure if I was leaking pee or not. That was quite horny! Every single movement and maybe I was wetting myself, and maybe I wasn't. (Girls, you HAVE to try this! Get to bursting point ant then deny yourself, but make yourself move...its an amazing feeling).

So we landed, taxied in and 'Sir' left me to do the formalities which suited me fine as he left the flight d ck and I could reach up my skirt and have a feel. I was damp but not wet. Tech log done, I scampered into the nearest toilet. As you know, they are small and cramped with thin walls. Hearing the cabin crew, including the guy who had fucked me senseless last night outside only added to my enjoyment.

I reachec down, pulled my panties aside and pushed a finger in. I was still slick with his cum, and the pressure of my finger on my g spot was too much. I peed on my own hand while masturbating.

One silent, lip-biting cum later and I felt much better. Oops....one soaking wet pair of panties too...and nowhere really to leave them. So I wore them into the terminal and ditched them in the crew room.

I want to make it clear that I would never compromise a flight for sexual reasons. Pilots are highly trained, and even if we get air sick (yes, that can happen, although it's rare) the flight is safe.

Next month, I start long haul. I'm told that some flights are double crewed and there is a rest room. I can't promise I won't rub one out in there though!

