First Intentional Wetting

Author: hoimi

*000*2017-03-07 22:11

I was in a First Grade class of about 25. I was one of the younger children, turning 5 at the beginning of the year. A few months in, David wet his pants in class.

I think I recall him asking to go, but Miss Ratcliff had said no. She was a cold, old maid, who often declined requests for going to the toilet, but David's accident was the first. There was a sudden hissing sound and then a splashing, yellow liquid flowed out from under his chair, shining under the bright lights. He was excused, but I remember, after observing that, I was intrigued.

Though the day was nearly over, and I'd gone to the toilet a lunch, I chose not to go before I left for the day. My grandmother came to pick me up, asked me all about class, and I remained mum about David and more quiet than usual, silently plotting. She parked her car in her garage and I sprinted next door with a rushed 'loveyoubye.'

I'd gone into our living room, which was fairly open, with two ugly green velour couches and a few shelves adorned with books and a clutch of nicknacks. There was a round, gold-trimmed mirror on the wall and the parallel wall was stacked with windows, which had tall evergreen bushes outside that blocked view in (fortunately). Back in those days, our television was a huge Sony on a tall stand. I clicked the heavy switch to turn it on, and changed the channel on the remote cable box to a station with after school cartoons.

My heart pounded in my chest, feeling thrill, fear, and an odd clinical fascination. Fully dressed in a white Mickey Mouse sweatshirt, medium blue Levi's and white Reeboks, I'd let go, forcefully and purposefully wetting myself.

The feeling was intense. The warmth centered at my middle, slowly spreading down through the corse denim. As I'd chosen to stand on carpet, there were errant drips that fell beneath me. I don't recall a puddle, as somehow, it was the perfect flow, just enough to soak into my jeans, but not enough to waste spilling onto the carpet.

There was a touch of fear as the wet warmth spread lower, losing temperature the father it got. Though my mother and father had nearly an hour before they would have come home, but my grandmother might have popped in to check on me unannounced. If she saw me wet, she might have babied me, which was not what I wanted. David had to gather his things in his wet brown corduroys and walk down to the office alone, tears on his cheeks. My grandmother might have also punished me, with a swat or an immediate load of laundry and deep cleaning. I had chosen to stand there, television blaring, and release my bladder into my pants.

Fearing repercussions, I quickly ran my hands down the soggy length. The warmth was still there. It felt the most intense when I stuffed my hands between my crotch and spurted that last little spray that my bladder contained.

The bliss was losing its luster, as my socks began to feel wet and I caught a whiff of urine. I dashed into the nearby bathroom, un-velcroing to tops and pulling off my shoes, tossing them into the hall. I unbuttoned my jeans and slid them off, the soaked denim sticking to my thighs. I took off my panties and socks, wadded them into a ball, and threw them on top of the laundry pile.

The pink tiled floor was cold as I held my wet pants before me to inspect them. They were just as David's were, though the blue was dark like a brand new pair of jeans where the liquid soaked in. They were chilly to the touch once they were not on my body to hold the heat in.

Sudden shame made my cheeks hot. I dropped them on top of the laundry pile and grabbed a towel. I dried any remaining wetness at my crotch, with my legs already dried, covered my jeans with the towel, and ran to my room to change into clean clothes.

My mother did not say anything about the obvious smell coming from the bathroom, or the damp spot on the carpet; nor did I. She did a silent load of laundry, but there was a hushed conversation with my dad when he was home after her.

To this day, the bliss of warm, wet jeans, the hissing release of a full bladder, and the tactile stimulation of sopping denim are very nice indeed.

There is another story, but as the tone is so very different, I would like to share that in a separate post.

