Wetting my snowpants on the road

Author: HereToStay

*000*2022-03-31 18:42

I recently had a a seven hour drive to a skiing trip and inspired by this lovely post.

Here I decided to also give this naughty fun a try and not make any restroom stops on the way there.

I put my new snowpants on over my blue jeans and shorts and got in the car. As I had not tested them before I also sat on a towel, in case they would not hold for the entire trip.

Then I headed off to the highway. I had a couple of coffees this morning but not too many as I did not want to soak them entirely right at the start. After half an hour or so, I pulled over to the right lane. I figured that peeing my pants while going 130mph might not be the safest way to drive. So I put on cruise control, relaxed and let go for the first time. Wow, that really felt sooo good with the warm pee spreading in my croch and down to my back. Before the stream reached my knees, I stopped and let it soak in for a while. The material of the snowpants is really amazing. Keeps the warmth and wetness but not showing anything on the outside. And it feels really good and squishy when they are soaked and I press my thighs together. I repeated that every half an hour or so and drank a lot of water in between. I had lots of naughty fun and could hardly keep my hands from me while driving.

I just made one break to get some gas. But I did not use the restroom. I just walked around a bit and peed some more this time until the first drops came out at the legs. The snowpants did a remarkable job in keeping all the wetness inside. The only weekness seems to be around the zipper, where a larger dark spot appeared and also caused a little stain on my polo shirt (you see it a bit on the second picture). But that could be easily covered when I checked in at the hotel.

Needless to say that when I arrived at my room, first thing I did was help me to an explosive orgasm. Afterwards I emptied the rest of my bladder into my pants.

That was an amazing ride. The inner layers had completely changed color by the time I arrived. Luckily I made some pictures on the road.

Thanks again for the naughty inspiration

