Wetting myself in a crowded hardware store

Author: Hazel

*000*2017-07-06 18:31

Ok, it all started with me starting a hold. I was just casually going about it and was about at a 5 when my dad wanted to go to the hardware store and wanted me to come. I thought this would add a new level to the hold and i was only at a 5 so getting to the store, it was only 10-15 minutes would be easy.We got in the car and i was still chugging water for holding. We chatted in the car and nothing really happened until we got into the store. Like always i went and did my own thing and my dad said hed text me.

Today there were lots of people there and i started to worry. I was wearing blue jeans and a black t-shirt, like i do a lot and just going through the store, occasionally looking at my phone to see if my dad texted me. But then a brick wall came my way so to speak. I went from being at a 5 to an 8 in like 5 seconds and felt a leak dampen my panties a fair bit. I didnt want to look down and check the damage because that would mean others would too and if it was bad, people would know i just peed. It did get better though, i jumped from an 8 to a 9 on the way to walking to the bathroom. I ditched that plan since the bathroom was pretty far away and on the way there there were lots of people.

I ran into a pretty close to empty area and found a place that was completely deserted. I felt another leak coming and i immediatly slammed my hand into my crotch, stopping it. There was a fair sized wet spot in my crotch. Probably softball sized and i was trying to figure out what to do while being about to leak again. I kept dribbling little bits and was starting to panic cause i could see the wet spot slowly growing.

I then got an idea, it was hot outside, like really hot, so that would help dry my jeans, it still wasnt going to solve the ever growing pressure on my bladder, but one problem at a time. I briskly walked to the garden section since it was outside and I saw my target. They had a group of trees in pots for sale off in the corner. They had been there for a long time and i knew if i got between a couple of the trees no one could see unless someone moved one of the trees. I clambered into the inside and felt another leak gush into my jeans.

There was a complete circle of dense trees. Those trees that are basically bushes but they get really tall xD.I stopped and had to slam my legs together and hold my urethra to stop it, just a little longer i kept telling myself. As soon as i got between the trees i took off my pants and panties and squated down right there and relaxed my muscles. It felt incredible. Pee just gushing out onto the concrete and the sweet relief of it all xD. There was a flood coming out of me and onto the concrete. It felt so good to release the pressure and flood the concrete around me.

My stream slowed to a trickle and then came to a stop. I just sat there for a second, admiring the lake i had made before coming back to my senses. i put my pants on again and inspected the damage. it was pretty bad, streams on the inside of the legs and some on the front and back of the thighs but these jeans were super thin and dried insanely fast let alone in boiling temperatures. so i just chilled out for like 30 minutes back in the trees, hoping that no one would come near. It was better but you could still tell i peed.

Then my dad texted and I panicked. If i went in now everyone would be able to tell i peed, but if i stayed out for a little bit longer than no one would know. Hopefully. I was trying to think of any excuse to try and by me some time to hide the fact that i peed myself. I texted him and told him id meet him at the car. I then jumped out from between the trees and briskly walked to the car crossing my fingers and hoping no one knew. I saw a toddler in a stroller point at my pants and their mom looked over and, thank god, didnt see anything, or at least hopefully.

My plan wasnt working. I thought the combination with the walk to the car and the wind would dry my jeans but they were still pretty wet. I could feel the wetness in my panties still rubbing my slit. I had to go to plan k. I had exhausted plans a-j. When my dad got to the car he has some boxes and stuff and i offered to help him with the boxes. A little quick thinking of mine saved me from a very awkward conversation. Instead of putting them in trunk, i put them on my lap to hide the wetness. No one ever found out :)

I hope you enjoyed that story! any feedback would be greatly appreciated!

*002*2017-07-06 18:50

{{21 minutes ago, WetDave said:

Some good quick thinking there with the boxes. I hope you got a good buzz of excitement from the fear of being caught wet yet eventually getting away with it!

}}

It was really an amazing experience :)

*005*2017-07-06 20:29

{{32 minutes ago, KozmoFox said:

I'm having trouble accepting the legitimacy of this one, given you were caught red handed posting a gif in the video section of the site claiming it was you when it wasn't...and someone called you out on it, even sourcing it to where it actually came from, so you deleted it immediately afterward claiming cold feet and completely ignoring the persons who had called you out on your bullshittery....including the admin of omorashi.org himself. People were there for that. Laying low for a bit doesn't mean people have forgotten.

Now I obviously can't prove anything regarding the written word, so I'm not going to try and take this down regarding some perceived rule violation, but I would advise everyone who has been reading Hazel's recent experiences to take them with a grain of salt in light of said thing. Stories are easier to fake than videos (which this user has already tried to do.)

}}

I messed up alright. I was going through a really bad spot in my life and wanted to try and do something and get away with it. I'm really sorry about that and I really wish I could reverse it. Hence why I tried to delete it. I know that I messed up and that I will have consequences from that but I'm trying to write a new name for myself and everything here is true. Again, I'm very sorry about that post but there's nothing I can do about it now, it's not like I can go back to my past very insecure self and say don't post that. Everyone slips and makes mistakes. Mine was a very public one, but we all realize that we really messed up and don't do it again. Now we can all get stuck on the fact that I did that and not trust me, and I totally get that. What I did was unacceptable, but I'm trying to move on, and I'm trying to come back from what I did. I'm sorry but I think I should be allowed a second chance to make things right.

*008*2017-07-06 21:34

{{24 minutes ago, Adrian6970wc said:

Hazel. Everyone's entitled to make a few mistakes in life. It's part of being human. Personally I have no interest in the video section. I enjoyed your story though which was well written and look forward to more of your exploits.

}}

Exploits?

*010*2017-07-06 23:40

{{1 hour ago, The Dark Wolf said:

Oh. That's rather disappointing after her last story that I absolutely loved. I still like fiction, but I like to know it's fiction, and that story DID seem to pander to me a little too much (being enjoyable for the wetter and wearing one of my favorite outfits for this). Thanks for letting me know, KozmoFox, and that gives me even more faith that your stories are true.

}}

Ok, that video was fake, but that doesn't mean all of my content is fake. I am allowed to redeem myself on this site and it seams that all anyone wants to do is push me down. Everyone makes mistakes ok. I already started my reasoning above but my stories are true. I put myself in situations like this cause I love it. I made one mistake, that shouldn't mean that everything I post is now a lie.

*017*2017-07-07 01:39

{{23 minutes ago, KozmoFox said:

Never said my word is law. Just letting people know what they're dealing with, people have a right to know about dubiousness. People like @facade ddon't care, and that's all fine and dandy. There's also people like @The Dark Wolf who do care, and that's all fine and dandy. I merely pointed out the user has acted as a fake in the past and to take it with a grain of salt for the people who do care. Not against second chances, not against redeeming her own name. I never said I had any proof that any content was fake. Your post is reaching so far you might as well be Mr. Fantastic, friend. You also apparently don't look at my profile often, given I have visited this topic to post this, and a skeptical status yesterday regarding the other experience I saw, expressing said skepticism without even dropping a name. I guess that means I'm a stalker now? Or.....Maybe....Just you know, perhaps.....I work here and this is the exact sort of thing I watch out for as a staff member? Grow up.

I also don't appreciate receiving multiple passive aggressive messages about this topic, and hell, IN this topic while I'm away. If people are seriously going to try and start on-forum drama because I spoke a word of caution, I will close this topic faster than North Korea closes their borders when an American steals some shitty banner. And that is that.

}}

Ok fine. I really don't want to get anyone bad side after what's happened. I'm sorry. I really am. North Korea does close their land borders pretty dang fast xD

*021*2017-07-07 03:51

{{51 minutes ago, Meu said:

@KozmoFox

, I absolutely LOVE your work (I'm usually a lurker anyway, never posted anything, never even commented until now), but... is being a moderator on this website a paid job? Because if not, then no one exactly "works" here. Plus it's just a website. People can do whatever they want, honestly. Anyway this probably won't get approved but I hope you see this.

Also I do REALLY love your stuff, keep it up!!!

}}

You can't really do whatever you want. That's why at the beginning of each subforum they have a rules thread. Like @KozmoFox said the mods all have the banhammer if someone is being inappropriate. You kinda need rules in a website, especially one that's already on a not usually topic.

