Waterpark Parking Lot

Author: HideNGo

*000*2019-02-22 10:30

Not much in the way of "wetting" but definitely an experience that changed me.

Happened   a fair bit ago, maybe a decade and a half when i was still in my preteens. I went on a summer camp trip with a group of ~40 to a water park. Just about an even gender split on a 3 or 4 hour drive, made longer because the driver missed the obvious stop (there was a water slide that went ab ove the tree line. I pointed it out and nobody listened) and went more than 20 minutes before turning around and hitting traffic on the way back.

The bus was a regular school bus with faulty air conditioning. And, again, it was quite a drive. In the summer. We all drank a lot.

You can see the issue that resulted. Pretty much the whole bus was feeling it, and a few of the girls were complaining that they needed the bathroom. At least two guys threatened to pee on the floor of the bus itself. 

Even when we got there we knew that the counselors would still need to procure tickets for our group before we could even ente r  the park to dash for the bathrooms.

Thankfully the driver found a more out-of-the-wa y spot to park, and there was a lot of foliage about. If I had to guess he wanted to avoid getting an even worse review.

Needless to say, the guys on board took full advantage of this. Most of the girls decided to take the modest route and ran ahead with the counselors to get the tickets.

I was pretty pee-shy back then but even I didn't care at that point; problem was i was at the back of the bus and a lot of people were out before me.

I made it out and rushed over to the bushy area rig ht behind the bus, shielded on one side. I was one of the last to get a shot at emptying my bladder, but got lucky in another way. 

See, "most" of the girls ran ahead to get to the toilets quicker. One straggler stayed by the bus waiting for the guys to finish so she could get her own turn at the bushes, but apparently me emptying my bladder was the last straw and she came up and stood between me and the bus, using me as a modesty shield I guess, and pulled the  crotch of her bathing suit aside as piss just started pouring out of her.

Thankfully I was nearly done when my flow slowed down as it started to get squeezed off by my erection. Call it chivalry, but since she was so clearly embarrassed to have her genitals out for me to see, I waited until she was done and had properly gotten herself together to tuck myself back into my swim trunks.

It was supremely awkward maneuvering,  but it got a giggle out of her.

We didn't really talk about it, but we did sit next to each other on the ride back. 

Never saw her again. Don't even remember her name. But that was a day that changed me. I always had a vague interest in watching people pee, but between being asexual (I was lucky enough to hear the word on some 20/20 special when I was 11ish and I gelled with the term instantly) and having an overall late puberty, I was a little slow catching the libido train. That was the fir st point at which I became aware that this was something different. It would still be years later that i would start exploring this as a fetish, but this was the experience that really changed me.

