[female] Pee on the road

Author: Helloworldiwea

*000*2018-02-11 18:56

It was a hot August day at the local beach. Too bad me and my friend were leaving that day. We had been at the beach for a month and were now ready for the six hour long drive back home. At six in the morning, we were ready to go. I noticed my friend skipped her morning pee. She said she didn’t really have to go. I think the reason is really because she wanted to see her boyfriend back home. The car is packed to the brim with all of our stuff. Off to the road we go. Nothing eventful happened the first two hours. We got gas after one hour and I peed. We both played on out phones and, due to the heat, we were both drinking water. In the back seat, we had a case of water in between us, we were both wearing jeans. Mine were dark blue and hers were faded. She had on a tight pink shirt and I had on a white t shirt. Over top of our laps were our blankets for night, so it made us hotter. Hence, we drank more water.

About 2 hours in, I notice my friend starts to shuffle a little and look out the window. I didn’t think she had to pee quite yet, but I asked her why she was shuffling her feet. She didn’t answer and sat there quietly. Another 30 or so minutes later we pull over for gas. She gets out and scans the area. Her legs are crossed and I finally realize she has to pee. I complain that my phone is low on battery and I can’t charge it with the car turned off. We finish filling up and my friend uncomfortabley gets back in, slightly wincing as she sits again. Half way through our six hour trip, she whispers to me that she has to pee bad. I tell her I don’t know what she should do since we are in a highway. About 10 Minutes later, I see her hand dart through the blankets where I presume it grabbed her crotch. She didn’t say anything more about needing to relieve herself so I didn’t ask, but I acutely watched her desperation grow.

Close to four hours in, her hand is jammed in her crotchety with the blankets off. She asks my parents to get off the nearest exit so she could go. They said it would still be about thirty minutes to the nearest place they knew. My friend looked really nervous know, jumping up and down in the seat and trying any which way to continue her hold. She eventually puts the blankets back on top of her lap and she whispers to me that she thinks stimulating her genitalia may assist her plight. She then tried to start but she was too embarrassed when she started moaning. My parents had the music volume up high so I don’t think they heard. Now about 5 Minutes away from the rest stop, I thought she might make it. An accident was apparently just ahead.

In the five minutes we were sitting in traffic, I heard her pee. What a joyous sound. She pulled off the blankets to look at the damage. She was soaked after. She was also mortified. She quickly replaced the blankets. She told my parents she no longer felt like she had to go. We were in the traffic behind the accident for about thirty minutes. Eventually, we arrived back. During the rest of the trip, my friend kept complaining how uncomfortable she was. I was horny. We drop her off at her house. She has the blanket wrapped around her waist so no one could tell what happened. When I finally arrive home I grab my suitcase and bring it upstairs. I grab a pair of panties from it and go to the bathroom connected to my room. I pee in the panties I am currently wearing because I’m so horney and masturbate. I change my panties after climax. I still love the experience

