The courtesy pee worked for me!

Author: Haburashi

*000*2016-03-07 01:40

Does anyone remember the "Perform a Courtesy Pee" article from wikiHow? It's vanished because of "potty humor".

But anyway, the article helped me a lot today!

Here is my story:

It's been a while since I wet myself in jeans. It's because I am living with my parents. I can't hide my wet clothes, because my mother is "the master" of the washing mashine. No one should touch the machine or the cloth near it. So how can I pee my pants without any notice? Peeing through my underwear wasn't a big deal anymore. Waiting till everyone is asleep and sneaking to the toilet and peeing through my panties isn't arousing anymore. It's just a nice feeling. But I want to wet my jeans!

It's late in the night and I am sitting towards my laptop with an pulsating bladder. What should I do? Go to toilet and don't make a big mess? NO! I want to pee myself! My mission is: Peeing my jeans without making a big mess. The enemy is not allowed to see this!

My urge to pee is reaching it limits. I should try to get outside to pee. I stand up with my hand pressing against my crotch. Spurt. Shit It's harder to move than I thought. I am Slowly walking to the stairs without making any noises. First step. Second step. Third SPURT! Oh I need to hurry! Nearly losing controly I am reaching the door facing our garden. A few meters from my door I squad with my feet slightly apart. I am pressing my thighs together. This is the point of no return. Drip. Slowly I release my bladder. Feeling a growing warmth in my grotch area and noticing a silent hissing noise. Oh I missed that feeling. After two minutes I stand up and leaving the puddle in the moonlight.

Back in the house I noticed that only my crotch has a wet spurt! WHAT?! Happy that I don't made a big mess, I am sharing two fotos. :)

