Holding at home after drinking at the pool

Author: holdingon

*000*2024-05-29 02:59

Earlier today, I went with my partner to the pool in our apartment complex. We were there with many others taking advantage of the warm weather. I was wearing a black bikini with a red fire pattern. The top is a little too small for me and was very tight so I was kind of spilling out. We each had one alcohol seltzer drink with us. Not a big deal as many people bring beer to the pool (and always clean up after themselves, no cans left behind). Not that much liquid and not super strong.

We laid around in the sun and enjoyed our drinks. I got in the pool after a while but didn’t stay long as the weather was changing. It was getting cloudy and windy. I felt like I needed to pee but didn’t wanna go in the pool. I decided to wait.

After we got home, my partner and I showered off together to wash away the sunscreen and chlorine. I definitely had to go by this point but didn’t go in the shower. It was hard to hold it with the hot water, though. After showering, I needed to do some homework for grad school and decided it would be fun to do a hold. I didn’t say anything about it to my partner (he doesn’t have anything against my kink, he just doesn’t share it) and went out on our deck with my computer to try to do work.

It was so hard to focus on my reading because I was getting desperate. I asked a friend for a random number (didn’t say why) and I decided that if he told me an even number, I would hold til I couldn’t anymore. If he told me odd, I would go at that moment. He told me an even number. I waited and waited and tried to work on a presentation but couldn’t get through the reading. I was bouncing my leg and unable to sit still. Eventually, I quietly came back inside and went to the bedroom (near the deck). My partner was playing video games in our living room and didn’t hear me. I touched myself while desperate before finally going to the bathroom. I peed for such a long time and the relief was amazing.

Definitely a fun, sneaky afternoon activity that I enjoyed 😈.

