Going wee while playing Wii

Author: Haruko

*000*2011-11-02 06:10

I don’t remember exactly when this was, but it would have had to have been in the last few years since the Nintendo Wii wasn’t out before then.

Background: I’ve always been a gamer girl and when I start a game... it’s hard for me to walk away.

Anyway, it was a night during Winter break I believe. I was sitting in the basement playing Animal Crossing on my Nintendo Wii. I had just cast my fishing line trying to catch a red snapper when I realized I had to pee. Now, I didn’t want to lose my chances of catching the fish because it’s worth 5000 bells (quite a bit considering Tom Nook’s outragious mortgages) and unfortunately, time never stops in the game even when paused.

So I held it thinking “Oh, I don’t have to go that bad. I can go after this fish.” Now, I warn you, DON’T EVER ASSUME that it’s possible to walk away after just one of something with a video game XD.

I ended up catching fish after fish after fish trying to get that red snapper. After a while I started squirming around in my seat. Eventually I held myself with one hand while I played the game with the other. I was addicted to catching fish.

Finally I couldn’t hold it any longer. I was really desperate and I decided once again “I’ll go after this fish.”

Little did I realize my thinking was flawed. Number one the bathroom was all the way upstairs, and number two I had to go so bad I never would have made it if I tried.

I was in the middle of catching this HUGE fish in the game when suddenly I lost control. I tried to keep it in but I couldn’t... and I knew if I tried to run to the bathroom to finish, there would be more than one mess to clean up. So I just sat there flooding my chair with pee. It felt so good but the panick afterwards did not feel so great as I’d have to face my parents with the fact that I wet myself playing a video game.

I would soooooo do this again if there was a chance I wouldn’t get caught. Number one I love the pun lol and number two, I wanna try to beat my fish catching record of how many I can catch before I can't hold it any longer and pee.

*002*2011-11-02 06:54

I dont remember exactly but needless to say they weren't impressed lol

