I pissed myself in the car 🥺

Author: HumiliateMe

*000*2020-01-01 07:31

Hi guys just wanted to share a wetting experience I had recently!

I was driving back from a few counties over after locking up after a dogsitting gig. They lived about an hour and a half away. I thought I'd be fine but j had been drinking a lot of tea that day as usual but I knew I'd make it home.

I started driving feeling like I had to pee a lil but I could hold it. It got worse and worse and I felt the pressure begin to build. About 30 minutes into my drive I had to push my thighs together and turn up the music. I could forget about it at least for a while if i listened to my favorite bands.

God i had to pee so bad about an hour into my drive... i got off on the exit. Too bad though i live in a rural area so i still had about 25 minutes to home. I drove on the back roads. I hit a bump.. omg i lost control for a split second and i let a little loose... i tended up to not let any more... but even just that little bit gave me the slightest taste of relief... I touched my panties and felt the warm dampness of the slightest dabble of relief. Oof... just about 20 minutes longer I'll be home.

I turned onto the twisty, windy, 1 land road that leads me home. Suddenly the car in front of me stops abruptly. Construction.

Oh no.

The whole road is shut down.... theres people on both sides in their hard hats, moving around bustling. Fuck. I cant just sit here. I have to go so bad...

I move my hand down my leggings. I let our a little whimper as I let a little more loose, feeling it squirt ever so softly hitting between my fingers.

I look into my footwell. No cups... I just cleaned my car. I cant believe it. Usually I'm such a slob theres a few taco bell and mcdonalds trash in the footwell but since I gave a friend a ride the day before j had just cleared it out. Nothing. Fuck

We havent moved. Shit. I have to piss so bad. I push my thigh together so hard I feel my clit throb.

About 15 minutes later the construction worker flags us forward. We are moving again! I'm thrilled. I moved my legs apart to press on the gas. Mistake. I start to piss a little. Fuck. No I'm so close to home! I readjust to drive.

I'm making it home ok. I'm wet now from the little leaks but nothing serious.

I make it to my place. Thank god. I pull in. Yes. I made it. I turn the car off and adjust. I take my foot on the gas and.....

Too late.

I all comes out. With vengeance. With pressure. I pissed so much it pooled in my seat...onto the floor. It wet my leggings through the fabric up to my knees. It hissed and dripped to the footwell of the driver's side as I sat there in shock. Car parked. I was Meters away from the toilet.

I spent the next couple of days cleaning my seats.

