Business trip ends wet

Author: HereToStay

*000*2022-05-26 10:01

Last week I had another business trip upcoming with some colleagues of mine. And as it was overnight with a nice hotel room, I was determined to have some naughty wet fun in the evening when I arrived there.

At about 2pm I took off from the office in a really good mood and went on to the road to the venue further down south. I had planned to empty a bottle of sparkling water during the 2hrs drive and was hoping to have a little playtime after checking into the hotel and before my final online meeting (quite an important one) at 05:30pm. But it did not at all go smoothly. Traffic was horrible and the hotel was in a historic city center which is really hard to get through with a decent car and hardly any parking spaces available. So I went around in circles and felt already quite desperate from that bottle of sparkling water and the two cups of coffee I had before I took off.

When I arrived at my room I had just enough time to set up my computer, log into the wifi and quickly go pee in the bathroom to be able to concentrate. Bummer! While logging into the meeting I furthermore realized that my room did not have a balcony. I loooove to pee my pants out on a balcony with a beautiful view when I’m away from home. So that was also not gonna happen. The meeting was quite difficult and also took longer than expected so I just finished in time before I had to head out to the dinner location. No naughty playtime again.

But from then on it went better.

We were a relatively small group of only six people and the restaurant was really nice and fancy. We had a six courses menue with accompanying wine selection. That lifted my naughty spirits again and I swore to myself to not use the bathroom that evening whatsoever.

We had a glass of wine to every course and I took care to drink a glass of water with every one in order to not get too tipsy. The service was excellent, so we didn’t have to wait long between courses. But nevertheless, after the third course I started to feel a little pressure on my bladder already. Hmmmmmm

The evening was really fun but when desert approached, I was already pretty desperate. I had my napkin over my lap and it was reaaaaally tempting to let go juuust a little bit.

But I stayed professional pressing my thighs together and swiveled around a bit in my chair. It was a really funny round and I had to actually watch out not to laugh too hard to not lose control and pee myself right there at the table.

After the round of espresso we finally left at about 11pm. It was a really beautiful early summer night there and I decided to replace my missing balcony with a walk around the city center. Just some little spurts to ease the pressure here and there. That would feel sooo good.

I tried to say good night to my colleagues and was just about to head off into the night. But noooooo, they thought this was a terrific idea and decided to join me.

Oh boy, I was buuuuursting and really had difficulties to follow the conversation. I only had room in my head how badly I wanted to pee those jeans I‘ve been thinking about the whole freaking day. And god I was so turned on.

When we made a quick stop at a historic church I couldn‘t take it any longer. I know this is totally unprofessional, but I couldn’t resist to juuuust let go a little bit of pee into my boxers.

So I did. And gaaawd, this felt so incredibly good. How the warmth spread in my boxers. Hmmmmmm

Oh boy I really had to pull myself together and stop the stream before it would become too visible on the outside. I pretended to look at a shopping window and quickly inspected the damage. It did feel a little moist to the touch but I couldn’t see anything . And so I trusted they wouldn’t as well. Furthermore I also had a suit jacket on that would cover my crotch a bit. So I should be ok I hoped. But you know how it is. Once you start, you become really desperate. Took me all my mental strength to not leak on the way back. Luckily we were already almost back at the hotel. I made it. But just barely.

I had a room further up in the building than my colleagues and as soon as the elevator doors closed behind the last of them, I.Just.Let.Go. Wooooow, soooo gooood and wet and naughty. Can‘t really tell how much I loooove doing this.

This is me in the elevator. And now it clearly did show.

I gathered my senses and quickly stopped again before I was gonna make a puddle on the elevator floor. Oh boy I was so hoping that I wouldn‘t meet anyone on the floor to my room. And luckily I didn‘t.

There was no stopping now. I flung the door open, kicked my good shoes away, threw a towel on the ground and peed…no I pissed my pants right there in my hotel room.

Sorry there is no picture/video of that but it was just so goood. I closed my eyes and fully enjoyed totally soaking those jeans.

Here is the result a little later lying on my hotel bed.

Hope you enjoyed that little account. I surely did

*003*2022-05-27 05:13

{{13 hours ago, Alex62 said:

Incredible and daring! Great pics!!

}}

{{15 hours ago, BENAir01 said:

That’s incredible! And incredibly naughty!

}}

Thanks! That one was truly special and probably a one-off.

I usually keep work and pee play very separate.

