Pooped My Pants Tonight

Author: Ian Newton

*000*2024-11-05 20:17

Ok, this story contains messing, so if that's not your thing then that’s cool. Messing isn’t my thing either, but this happened, and I thought I'd share it with you all.

This happened this evening. I had my dinner at about 5.30pm, chicken curry with rice, all washed down with 2 glasses of Coke and a pint of water. I was absolutely stuffed! I spent the following hour collapsed on the sofa, thinking my stomach might explode! I decided to go out for a walk around my local area, in hope that it would help my food to digest. And god, it sure did!

I grabbed my coat, pulled on my shoes, and headed out. It was dark, so the route I chose was well lit, mostly on pavements. There was 1 quite busy road, and a small town centre to negotiate, but nothing major. There were very few people around, and in the UK we celebrate bonfire night on the 5th November, so there were plenty of fireworks going off from local houses.

Everything seemed fine until I got about a mile away from home. I then suddenly felt a mild need to poop. Since I was almost at the point that I would turn back, I decided to cut my walk short and head for home.

My need started to increase as I walked back. After turning onto a quieter stretch, I got hit by a big urge, and really had to clench my butt cheeks to avoid unloading in my pants.

As I got closer, my confidence started to increase that I would make it. Right up until I turned into my estate. At that point, the urgency increased 10 fold. I had no choice but to keep clenching as I walked (or waddled), and hope I would make it.

My palms were sweating, my heart was thumping and my breathing was short and sharp with the effort of holding it. As I turned into my street, I really believed I could do it, that I’d be ok. I’d already unbuttoned my coat and had my key in my hand in preparation.

Unfortunately, seeing my front door seemed to put me over the edge. As I strode up my garden path, I felt my body betraying me. I unlocked the door as fast as I could, throwing my coat onto the floor as I did.

And there, inside my fucking house, it happened. My body gave an involuntary push and I completely filled my boxers. I couldn’t help it. I didn’t believe it, I just stood there, panting, feeling quite defeated. All that was left to do was retrieve my door key from the lock, kick my shoes off, and waddle upstairs to get cleaned up.

So, there you go. The story of the 2nd time I accidentally pooped myself. Hope you enjoyed it. It’s my first experience that I’ve written up as a separate topic, so any pointers will be helpful. Thanks.

*002*2024-11-05 20:49

{{19 minutes ago, tanin said:

Nice story @Ian Newton

, thanks for sharing it. How big was the damage when you reached your bathroom? Like did it went down your legs, stain through your pants?

}}

It stained through the seat of my pants, but the mess was contained within my boxers.

