A Long and Wet Afternoon

Author: hubertheiser

*000*2023-10-08 15:57

Yesterday I had a nice wetting run. I started hydrating myself just after lunch. When the first real pressure hit I started the "Hold it" fap roulette.

After going through a few fap, drink and exercise tasks I got the first pee task - my favorite one: "Watch a cumshot compilation for two minutes and pee a little in your pants for every cumshot!" The feeling of a repeated little flow around my private parts just does it for me.

Alas, the almost unavoidable happened: After the second leak some 30 seconds in the excitement took over and prevented any further wetting. Which was a pity. I then tried to follow the roulette for one or two more tasks, but somewhat lost interest in that. But no way I'm done with a half finished business!

Instead I gave myself the following rules:

Make sure you stay well hydrated all the time. Wait until you really feel the urge (at least 7/10). Select a random cumshot compilation. Watch the selected cumshot compilation and pee a little in your pants for every shot. If you fail to pee, pause the video, go back to just before the last shot. Continue with holding and hydrating. When the urge hits again continue with step 3. Once the video is finished you are allowed to pee normally. Of course you are allowed to masturbate when needed (and believe me, it *was* needed). But the cum has to go in your panties. The first video was just under 10 minutes long, I guess a dozen or so cumshots. I took a while until I got the end. And there were pretty decent wet spots on the front and the back of my skirt, my panties were soaking and of course a bit sticky. Which felt very good. So good indeed, that didn't feel like stopping there. So I added another rule: After emptying the bladder go back to step 1.

I peed normally after round 1 and 2. After that I switched to peeing through my panties on the loo and later-on continued with my butt dangling over the bath tub and making sure my butt and the back of my skirt get nice and wet. Late afternoon I was a mess with a large wet spot on the better the front of the skirt, the back of the skirt being mostly soaking and almost dripping. It felt so good, I just had to continue.

Around mid-evening, my chair protection was saturated. Unfortunately I didn't set up good floor protection as I hadn't planned for such a big event, and I became a little worried about my carpet. Therefore, I decided to finish up with standing in the tub with the skirt tugged in and releasing a full bladder. The warm flow down my legs and then the feeling the warm and wet fabric on my legs got me excited again. It's your guess what I had to to about it.

I was complete mess, and I absolutely loved it. I finished with a nice and hot shower before I got out of my soggy clothes. A day to remember.

