A week in the simulator

Author: Hot2pee

*000*2016-09-11 09:29

Finally! I'm about to go on long haul and that, for me, meant a type conversion onto 777. So this week has been almost exclusively in the simulator and that in turn means me, a training captain, and an engineer to work the sim.

Most pilots will tell you that flying the sim is every bit as nerve wracking, if not more so, than flying the real thing. You meet more emergencies in an hour in the simulator than in half a lifetime of flying.

Simulator time is also eye-wateringly expensive, not only is there the cost of running the thing, there's three, sometimes four sets of wages, PLUS, it's official, recognisable training. Fail the sim, you can be out!

So, two four hour sessions with only a 20 minute break in between, that I used for some cramming and "Sir" says at the end of the last session, "Not too happy with asymmetric landings in this. Let's do some more, then I can sign you off."

I was already full and needing a pee, but you don't argue with a senior training captain. We reset and tried again. Better. Then he wanted variable wind conditions, then unannounced engine issues. In short, he kept me there for another hour.

What he didn't know was that for the whole hour, I was trickling gently into my knickers. I had a panty liner in, something that I rarely do, so hopefully that had taken care of most of it, but I was dreading getting up at the end of the session in case I had visibly marked my skirt or the seat.

I squelched my way across the gantry to the nearest toilet and there, knickers still firmly in place, gave vent to the longest pee I've had for ages.

Oh, I passed the sim check, by the way. Just got to do a couple of landings and take offs in the real thing now!

After such a stressful week, I got home and jilled myself silly. Each orgasm diffused the tension a little.

Next week, I start long haul for real...no more pissed up holidaymakers coming back from Spain anymore, and the delights of crew hotels and stopovers lasting a couple of days in far flung places. Lots of opportunities for some peeing!

*009*2016-09-19 07:19

Well, Beatrix, I've always found something erotic in flying, even when I was doing initial training in a pA28. There's something horny about being in command of all that power, and certainly, when flying a commercial jet when its empty is a whole new experience!

