Girls Boarding School Interview

Author: HZIdarling

*000*2020-07-30 02:59

I had spent the entire day with the Headmaster of the elite adult spanking academy GBS.

We met at the hotel. Conversing over fresh fruit and champagne about my aspirations, how we discovered the world of kink and why we were so drawn to spanking. I had my first taster/intro spanking. It hurt, but was enjoyable. I pouted lots when it was over as it had been far too long since my last spanking session, but we had previously planned to attend a munch together that very evening.

A 20 minute drive from his hotel meant it was easy enough to get to. The gathering was in a small pub in Chancery Lane hidden away in a private quarters upstairs, so us kinksters could drink and banter about flogging each other in peace. I readily accept drinks to lubricate my social anxiety. A double gin and tonic went down. Then went another.

A glass of ice water followed the two G&Ts to sharpen the edges of my softening vision. 45 minutes later the headmaster stood and told me to get ready as we were to be leaving soon. I excused myself to go to the ladies.

It was a typical pub toilet. Close walls and dirty stalls. I attempted to hover there for less than a minute before (grossed out) I turned and walked out.

“I can hold it until we get back.”

After saying our goodbyes we found ourselves a black taxi and made our way. Every bump in the road mocked my bladder and I, but trying to maintain some semblance of control, my face was fixed in a bland smile as we made idle conversation.

As we pulled up I was reminded of my interview spanking session and told it would be continued when we got in. We went over all of the important stuff. Consent and how to present my bottom yadayadayada.

By the time we had reached the hotel door my leg was bouncing in both anticipation and desperation. I needed to go. Bad.

Play it cool.

As we walked into the suite I slowed my steps in front of the bathroom door, yet was pulled gently away. I was told that no excuses or prolonging the spanking was allowed and that I was to pull down my panties and lay across his lap.

As I lay, grumbling, my lower tummy pressed against his thigh and I let out a small shocked breath. This sensation was new. Intense too. Eyes fluttering at the pressure, I buried my face into the covers and braced myself. The first few hits were light and playful, barely jarring me, but once his palm got heavier and moved lower I couldn’t help but throw my head back and let out high moans of pleasure. It. Felt. So. Good. Too good. I felt as though each spank was pushing me closer to orgasm. He hit and hit and hit and I moaned louder than I ever have. The burning sensation had reduced and it felt almost like my clitoris was being stimulated from the inside. I spent 5 minutes over his lap panting, withering and moaning. Unsure whether I would wet myself or have a very intense orgasm.

I did neither.

After some praise and stroking. I stood shakily to my feet, panties still around my knees and waddled into the bathroom. Shame and embarrassment flooded my thoughts at my wanton behaviour. I just screamed like a pornstar over a spanking in front of the HEADMASTER of my new school.

Fan-bloody-tastic

