Childhood Neighbor

Author: Hydrophilic

*000*2020-08-02 16:22

This recollection isn't meant to be sexual in any way. I'm just curious if you guys think my childhood neighbor had a wetting fetish or have another explanation.

Growing up I had a neighbor a couple houses down from me. He was one or two years younger than me. We'll call him Joe. Our parents enrolled us in martial arts classes together and I think this is the first time I saw him wet himself. The studio was on the third floor of a narrow building. One night after our lessons the parents were all talking, leaving the rest of us kids to mess around. Joe kept stopping to hold himself intermittently but I didn't think anything of it. Finally after a while he said he was going to go use the bathroom.

There was no bathroom on the third floor. There was one on the second floor, right below us, just sort of to the side of the stairwell (it was a very strangely designed building). Joe returned a few minutes later and the white pants of his uniform were clearly pee stained. He said he couldn't get in the bathroom. Still, I didn't think anything of it and just felt bad for him. The parents finished talking only another few minutes after that and everyone left. I remember glancing at the bathroom on the way down the stairs and it was opened and empty.

The next time I remember we were playing outside. We were young and not allowed to leave our street without supervision. This particular day we were playing in another neighbor's driveway. The driveway was a short but steep hill. I think we were just riding our skateboards, scooters, bikes, and whatever down it. This driveway was also directly across the street from Joe's front door. 

As I said, we were riding up and down the driveway for a while. One of Joe's younger brothers was with us as well. Joe again kept holding himself through his shorts sporadically. Eventually, he stood to the side of the driveway and soaked his shorts. I was very shocked. I said "Dude! Why didn't you go home? You live right there?" (probably pointing at his house). Joe just casually responded that his mom didn't mind and walked across the street to go change. After he was gone his brother said that he (Joe) had a lot of accidents. I went home myself just a few minutes later and I was still confused about what happened.

Next memory was at a birthday party for one of Joe's brothers. The party was just at their house. I wasn't invited which was expected as I was like four years older than his brother. My parents told me I should go over though, so I did. I only stated for a short time; ate some cake and played something on Nintendo. I didn't specifically see Joe wet himself or any aftermath but he changed his pants so I can only assume that he did.

The last of Joe's incidents was a few years later. By this point I had gotten old enough to leave the street unsupervised. I started hanging out at the local parks and with some other people from around the city. One day my grandfather was coming by to take me swimming at his indoor pool and my parents arranged for Joe to come with me. We stopped to eat along the way. I think it was a Mcdonalds or Burger King. Joe took advantage of the refill machine and drank alot. Joe pissed himself while sitting at the table. 

We were already wearing our swim trunks and brought a change of clothes for after the pool. My grandfather didn't even think it was weird. We finished at the restaurant and continued to my grandfather's house. We spent a while in the pool, dryed off, changed, and my grandfather drove us back to my house. He had a pick up truck and let us sit in the bed. He dropped us both off in front of my house (Joe could easily walk a couple doors down). Joe hopped out of the truck bed and stood on the sidewalk flooding the khaki cargo pants he had changed into. Again, I was flabbergasted. "Dude! You couldn't wait another minute until you got home?" Again Joe said something casually like his mom was used to it, or something. I can't remember exactly.

It was still a couple years before I figured out that Peeing, having to pee, wetting, etc. were a sexually arousing thing to me and there were websites and forums dedicated to the fetish. That's when I started thinking back to those incidents with Joe and have ever since wondered if it was a fetish for him even though he might not have known it at the time.

Anyway, interested to hear what you lot think.

*007*2020-08-24 23:57

{{8 hours ago, BENAir01 said:

[snip]

}}

Thanks for the in-depth perspective, BENAir. I think Joe was between the ages of 7-10 for these stories.

The time we were outside playing I don't think my reaction pushed him. It really seemed like he just wet himself and was immediately off to go change. That's why I remember thinking it was so strange, instead of just walking home five minutes earlier and peeing.

I really don't remember anything specific about the birthday event. I just remember not seeing Joe for a good few minutes and when I did run into him he was wearing gray sweatpants instead of the blue jeans he had on earlier.

In the final story, he didn't waste any time peeing after getting out of the truck. I vaguely recall him actually bringing attention to it. We pretty much just said goodbye to each other and he said something like "I just have to do one thing first (before going home)" and that's when he proceeded to piss his pants.

The only time we were in the same school together was elementary school. I don't remember seeing him around the building at all through out the years and I don't remember hearing any stories about him. However, there was a boy in my grade that used to poop himself like clockwork everyday. His mom used to pack an extra pair of underwear in his backpack. I think everyone was more bugged out by him.

