Desperate road trip

Author: homeanddry

*000*2018-11-16 22:51

I’ve been meaning to write about this for a long time (ever since it happened really!), but a recent exchange in response to a post by @Wombat48 prompted me to finally get on with it…

It was a bit of a road trip then, going to Wales where we’d rented a cottage for a week with some friends. What better opportunity for a little omo-related challenge than a car journey that’d take just over three hours?

The first half (-ish) of the journey was on motorways, early on a Friday afternoon so before it all kicked off, and even that complicated bit around Birmingham was a breeze. We stopped at the last services before leaving the motorway to head onto the smaller Welsh roads. It was a good chance for a break from driving for a few minutes, but of course I chose not to go inside the facilities there. I didn’t really need to go that much – well, it was definitely there, but easily manageable for maybe another hour and a half.

Back on the road again, then, and it kept going smoothly. Busy, but smooth. Until we got to one particular town, that is, where there’s an awkward junction on an otherwise free-flowing road. The queue went back more than a mile, and it took about half an hour to crawl up to the traffic lights and finally get through. I started to regret my choice now – I was getting a bit worried! The internal pressure wasn’t too bad, but I was definitely feeling that tingling sensation at the exit, quite strongly.

Anyway, the traffic flowed smoothly again, and all was well. We left that road, which continued to the big cities and towns on the coast in South Wales, and instead headed up into the hills onto the road that connects the heads of the valleys emanating north from there. It should be a nice quiet route, then, as most of the traffic will be coming up the valleys from the coast, right? Less than an hour to go – no problem.

The reality turned out to be quite different. It turns out that it’s actually a pretty busy route, probably even more so on a Friday afternoon with folk heading into Wales for a nice weekend. It’s so busy that they’re busy upgrading it, so it was pretty much one continuous set of roadworks. There was another big queue to get stuck into it all. By now, that sensation was becoming more internal, in a big way, with more and more pressure at the base of my bladder, coming and going in waves too. I was really worried now, but there wasn’t really anywhere to stop (not even a layby, because they were all blocked off by the roadworks). I couldn’t do much to help whilst driving either, and I didn’t want to make it obvious to everyone else in the car (I’ve no idea why), so holding myself or anything like that wasn’t an option! All I could do was keep shuffling around.

I was counting down the miles to the nearest town to where we were going. It was actually starting to hurt now, quite a lot. At least I didn’t have the external sensation though – that’d really really worry me with all that internal pressure going on too. More shuffling, and the occasional little squeeze when I thought I could get away with it. Maybe ten miles to go until that town, and it was pretty much all I could think about. Three hours had already turned into five hours.

Finally, my greatest fear. That external sensation was back, feeling as though it was right there, ready to come out. I was working it out in my head, adding the minutes up – only a few miles to that nearest town, then down the windy road into the valley, then just finding the cottage and hopefully being able to park outside. I had a target in mind, something to aim for. A layby appeared, one that was open now that we were clear of the roadworks. No, though, we’re nearly there now – I’ve got this. The last roundabout. Spasms. Internal and external spasms. This isn’t a welcome development.

It’s a really impressive road down into the valley then. Hairpin bends, winding back and forth to descend the steep landscape. The car in front’s not rushing at all. More spasms, making me bend forward more and more. Into the little town where the cottage is – fortunately I’ve planned the route well so I know exactly where to go. Big spasm. It really does feel like it’s there now, like I can feel it forcing its way down the tube. There’s a parking space pretty much outside, thankfully. One of my friends, arriving earlier, has come down to greet us. A quick hello but I can’t concentrate on conversation. I can barely stand up straight.

The bags need unloading but I’ll have to leave it for now – I’ll just carry some stuff in with me. Into the cottage then, no idea where to go, but I’m panicking. I think I’m hiding it well though. Another of my friends is in the kitchen. A quick hello, then “the toilet’s down that corridor”. Maybe I wasn’t hiding it so well then! I barely have time to get the door locked behind me, undo my trousers – and it’s away, uncontrollable. Barely a second to spare. Five and a half hours’ worth of relief – fantastic, and without a doubt the closest that I’ve ever been to a genuine, unplanned accident.

*003*2018-11-17 09:35

{{3 hours ago, slycat said:

I live in the US. What's a layby? What we call a rest area, where you can pull off of the road and they have bathrooms and usually tables where you can eat if you brought your lunch?

}}

They vary, but yes, they’re places where you can pull off the road for a break. They’re usually little more than an extra strip of tarmac though and not many have a toilet block - this one certainly didn’t! On motorways and other major routes, we have proper service stations with restaurants and everything, but other than that there’s not really a lot out there.

