Desperate car ride home

Author: holding-myself

*000*2021-02-22 12:04

This happened about fifteen years ago when I was in my late teens. It was a winter with plenty of snow and I had taken part in a sports competition along with some other people from my sports club. I was wearing snow pants, a thick jacket an long underwear beneath that.

After the competition was over we stayed there together for while, ate something and I also had some beers with a friend. I would be taken home by this said friend’s family in their van, so it was no problem to drink alcohol.

When it was time to head home I went to pee before we got on the car, but the beer was already running through me so I was aware that I would need to pee again pretty soon.

The van we drove in had three rows of seats. My friend’s parents were sitting in the front, my friend’s brother was sitting in the middle and I was sitting alone in the back, pretty much unobserved. My friend himself went in another car together with his girlfriend.

Right after we had started, I already felt my bladder quickly filling up again and after a short time I could have peed again. But the need was not to bad and the ride wouldn’t take much more than an hour in total, so I didn’t want to ask my friend’s parents to stop and decided to simply hold it until we got home.

But the beers I’d had did their work very well and the urge grew stronger with every minute. At first I just tried to ignore it, looked out of the window at the landscape passing by and tried thinking about something different. We were driving on the motorway so there were not many possibilities to stop anyway. But soon I wasn’t really able to ignore the pressure in my bladder anymore.

As I was sitting alone in the back of the van and the others could not see me from the chest down, I tried to ease the urge with some body movements, jiggling a leg or opening and closing my legs, but it did not help. Then I opened my snow pants and slid a hand inside to hold myself right through my underwear, because I could not properly grab and squeeze through the thick material of my snow pants. At the beginning I gave myself occasional pinches, which helped a little bit for a short time. But my bladder was really full now and I held myself ever more frequently and more constantly.

This worked for about half an hour. We had already left the motorway and were not far from home anymore. But my bladder and muscles had already started to hurt some time ago. At this point I have to explain that back then I lived at home with my parents and although I had been into desperation long time before, I did not have much experience with long holds. I had not wet myself since primary school and had no idea how my body would react to extreme desperation. So at that moment in the car I felt a veritable pain and feared that I might do myself some kind of damage if I would hold it much longer. With today's desperation and wetting experience I know that back then I was near the point when I would start leaking but would be far away from a full loss of control and if I had known I would just have gone on holding and risked to leak a bit into my snow pants. The fabric would have absorbed it and nobody would have noticed.

But I did not know these things, so I asked my friend’s father who was driving to stop at the next possible place because I needed to pee. So we stopped and I climbed out of the van and tried to pee next to the road. The problem was that when my bladder is so full that it hurts, it’s impossible for me to completely relax my muscles and empty my bladder all at once. So I was only able to squeeze out some spurts of pee and release the pain a little bit. Then I got back on the car again with my still pretty full bladder, because I didn’t want to make the others wait so long and now I was sure I could hold the rest without pain until I got home.

Now I was aware that my friend’s brother, who was sitting in front of me, had been very quiet all the time, chewing on his fingernails and squirming a little in his seat. I could not see from my position if he was also holding himself, but I guess he was, because I knew from other occasions that he was always holding his pee until he was obviously bursting and then he was sometimes openly doing a pee dance and excessively holding himself with his hands. He had probably not gone to the toilet before we started, and now he must have been really desperate, because he asked his father to stop at their house before they dropped me of a mile further. So I had not been the only one who was desperate in the car on that day.

We stopped at their place to let him out, then they brought me home and both of us made it to the toilet (I guess), but the memory of sitting in the back of that van and secretly squirming and holding myself in pee desperation is still hot for me.

