Think i am starting to enjoy wetting my pants!

Author: Hypergirl

*000*2022-11-29 03:22

Hey guys, this is my first time sharing a personal experience here other than my fear wetting accidents.

So if you guys know me i am mostly into fear wettings, but not quite into the normal omorashi stuff. Today i felt like i am getting to like it more, i was just having fun.

Tbh i was too tired to get up and use the bathroom and i was playing a Truth or Dare game with my good friend here @DerekOmoso

He often dares me to hold it if i am desperate. So i was like why not. I held it for a few hours but was starting to get desperate when finally he dared me to leak a little bit.

I was wearing sweatpants then and decided i’d take on the dare. And started leaking a little bit until a little damp spot appeared. Then i was like fuck it i am gonna go all in and empty my whole bladder in my sweatpants just for the naughty feeling i’d feel.

So i went into my bathtub and started fully wetting my sweatpants. The warmth felt really good and funny actually as it flowed and leaked down to my feet. I think i liked it. I stayed a few minutes in my sweatpants then showered and went back to my normal life lol.

When i often wet myself it’s due to an accident, or because of a fearful situation because my bladder is small. But i found out it feels entirely different when i do it on purpose.

I guess that’s pretty much it, just decided to share my experience here, thoughts? ^_^

*002*2022-11-29 03:49

{{17 minutes ago, DerekOmoso said:

I love it!!!!!!

I mean.... You won't know that you like it unless you doooo it more!!!!

All in all! You did great! Glad you're having fun! Maybe next time you'll get attacked by a ghost and you'd pee yourself!

}}

Thank you!

Yeah you’re definitely right!

LOL yeah i’d pretty much pee myself instantly without a warning 😂

*005*2022-11-29 17:31

{{6 hours ago, j2319 said:

That's awesome. I am working my way up to just fully let go on purpose too. Not there quite yet, but getting there.

}}

Good luck! It actually feels really good, i bet you’ll enjoy it like i did!

*007*2022-11-29 22:58

{{51 minutes ago, wettingman said:

Welcome to our world. Congratulations on your discovering you enjoy wetting your pants. I am glad to hear it.

I have been doing it for decades. It does not get old. I don't wet my pants unless I can't stop my pee from coming out. That is the way I enjoy it.

}}

Oh wow! Well thank you!

I think i’ll try it more often now!

