Wife has unplanned public accident today

Author: Htchbckrcr2121

*000*2023-01-21 10:08

Today was like any other day. Went to work (we work for the same company) but, decided to leave early and grab some lunch and drinks from a local joint nearby we frequent.

First off let me say that she knows my obsession with Watersports and specifically OMO. And has recently gotten more involved with my fetish for me. So, as we were eating and knocking back some drinks she had gotten up a couple of times “breaking the seal” per say. But after that she didn’t budge from her seat the rest of the time we were there being about 3hrs. She ended up telling me that she wanted to have some fun at home and attempt to hold it for the car ride back so she would be nice and full when we arrived which is about a 15min ride. So I said to let me know when she felt like it was a good time to leave.

It wasn’t much longer after that conversation she looked at me and said she was starting to experience bladder cramps/spasm and that she needed to leave and get home. She went to stand up and instantly I knew this was going to be a bad situation for her as she acted like she could barely stand straight up and that she had probably waited too long. We paid and left with about a 5min walk to the car. About 3/4 of the way to our parking spot she hobbled over with another spasm and picked up the pace. We made it almost to the car when another major spasm caused her to completely lose control and like a waterfall start peeing in her light blue jeans in broad daylight in a very busy public area. Right there in front of me she stood helplessly pissing her self in public. A real dream come true for me. And the best part of it all is I caught it all on video. Which I will be editing and posting soon……STAY TUNED.

*006*2023-01-25 15:34

@Cristiano97

, no real embarrassment that I could tell. It was more of a state of shock that it happened the way it did. I mean, right there in broad daylight in a busy area during working hours was not even close to the plan.

*009*2023-01-27 10:22

@wetskipants

, not even phased. Surprised it happened so quickly. And the first time she can remember actually losing bladder control especially in public. But that hasn’t stopped her from doing it again. In fact tomorrow we will be venturing out for a round 2 attempt. Can’t wait to see what happens this time.

*012*2023-01-27 18:23

@WetterMesser

, I think she is gonna go for a pair of fairly thin grey cotton sweatpants/joggers. We shall see.

*014*2023-01-28 09:12

@Nils JD

, funny you mention that. She is actually building a wishlist of outfits etc for her wetting adventures. You have anything in particular in mind?

*016*2023-01-28 09:37

@Nils JD

Sure. I think that could be arranged. Any scenario your looking for specifically?

*018*2023-01-28 09:46

@Nils JD, unfortunately no trains or teams around us. What about getting her really full then get her in the car for a long ride home recording the trip watching her squirm and hold herself until she either makes it home or pisses her pants in the car?

*021*2023-01-28 10:47

@KarenWets

Thanks for the advice. 🙏. We are completely new to attempting to record this stuff but have set our minds to only produce real accidents and wettings. Just like in the posted video she had never experienced her bladder get to the point where it start to contract and cause an involuntary lose of control. It was a new and surprising experience for her.

Y’all please go and check out our latest…But be forewarned….***This is a masturbation wetting so there is NUDITY***

$/85654-round-2-with-my-wifes-full-bladder-nudity/

