Wet myself whilel watching TV

Author: Helena

*000*2012-05-18 15:29

Was up watching TV quite late last night. My husband was already in bed because he had to go up early to work today. While I am free today, I could enjoy myself...

So, there I was, watching TV and felt my urge to pee build up. I hadn't made a plan, but as always when I'm start to feel the need to pee I think of just let go in my pants. Yesterday night was no exception.

So instead of going to the toilet in some commercial braek, I just stayed in the sofa. The time went, and a couple of hours later I was burstin, keeping my hand in the crotch to prevent wetting myself.

By now I knew there was no return. I had to pee my pants. I was to aroused to just give up and go to the toliet. I had light blue jeans, white top and a pair of lace black panties under.

First I let a little spurt out. What a relief! The wet spot was hardly visible, so I let out another spurt, this time a little longer. Oh, that felt so god when the pee escape into my panties. Warm and wet.

From that it was no return. In seconds there was another spurt, and yet another. I couldn't stop!

My bladder just continued to let out some spurts every second and I started to feel quit damp down rear.

I stod up, and just relaxed. I felt my panties fill up with pee, that quickly soaked into my jeans and followed my thighs and down my legs. The dark spot growed down both my legs, mostly backside, and I was in heaven.

I managed to stop before it started to drip down on the floor, and went to the bathroom and steped into the bathtub where I again relaxed and filled my panties with warm pee.

I was so soaked. I took off the jeans and had to... yeah, you know.

I went to bed very satisfied. Had to wach TV alone again soon.

*002*2012-05-19 11:28

{{ 

Wow, great story, thanks for sharing :) I can't wait to live on my own to afford such fun... and find someone into this B)

}}

Well... I do not live alone. I'm married. But you can always have some fun anyway! Try.

*005*2012-06-07 19:10

Varför så chockad? Vi är förmodligen fler än vi tror... :)

(Swedish: Why shocked? There are probably more of us then we think...)

*010*2012-06-17 20:34

Well... If 9 out of 10 is NOT into omorashi, there are good chanses you will meet some of these nine... But one out of ten is still a lot of people, we just have to speak up to find each other. And that's the hard part, I know.

*014*2012-06-23 09:32

:) Well... A very kind and not so frightening Viking...

