Girlfriend Holding Contest

Author: Hyde

*000*2017-07-31 07:53

Hello all, this is gonna be a short story of a hold we did yesterday. we do this thing really often this is just the first time posting about it really. For some quick background my girlfriend and I (who we will call by our nicknames so its easier for me to write, Kat and Ale (I know it sounds weird but thats our nicknames lol)), like i said we do these holds pretty often and its pretty much for us to have fun and enjoy ourselves. They are "contests" because technically the winner gets something and there are sort of rules, the winner just decides what goes on the rest of the night and the only rules are that you can do anything you want to attempt to make the other go, only the winner can take pictures and after the winner is decided they can hold it as much longer as they want but the end result is always the same, and thats with both of us wetting because thats more fun then having one not do it (lol).

Anyway time for the actually story, this is mostly about Kat because she can get pretty into it and this is a story where that happens so lets get into it.

The time is around 3:00 pm and we decided to start our contest its pretty simple to, just a water bottle an hour once it starts and obviously no bathroom use for the duration, and to pass the time we usually just watch some movies so we could basically fast forward the boring waiting part and get to the fun part. We start the first movie around 4:00 since we had to run a quick errand. So about a third through the first movie (movie was roughly 2 hours and 30 minutes long) is where i start feeling the building pressure in my bladder but not enough to show any signs of it and she wasnt doing anything either so i wouldnt be able to tell you exact details but knowing her she was probably feeling it too.

After the finish of the first movie is where i could tell she was filling up rather fast because she was starting to get very physical with me and trying to see if i was as desperate, so i just go wit it as i usually do and try to hide my desperation as good as i can, (at this point it isnt that hard either) and we start the next movie (this one with a length of about 2 hours). Around the first 15-30 min of the film she started to get fidgetie, which made me think because she doesnt usually get this desperate so early, so it must have been from a coffee or something she had earlier in the day.

Another 30 or so minutes go by and out of no where she just turns to me and says "You need to drink more", this made me realize that she is really filling fast and she wants me to be on par with her so i went with it, like i do, and drank an additional bottle, which even though i wasnt terribly holding it yet but it was still a pain to drink. After i finished it she said the "Now we're even" and smiled, despite not knownig if we were or not (lol). 

Drinking the second bottle and keeping the thought of water in my head made me have to go pretty badly at around 8:00 and around the time we both have to start holding ourselves is when we pretty much stop with the movies and get into the making the others torrent flow, and she must of been dying too because the first thing she did was pull my hands away from my crotch with one hand while holding herself with the other, when that failed she resorted to punching my stomach, which while it was with little force really didnt help in holding, she was very keen on winning this time because i think she wanted to show she could win when she had a disadvantage from drinking earlier or something but that was just my guess.

She got close to me and would whisper things to me to try to make the dams burst, sometimes it works (this time it didnt...completely), i told her it wasnt working and she was getting impatient because she knew she couldnt last much longer. I had pushed her off me and she was standing up now bouncing from leg to leg while holding herself with both hands. She wanted to "bargain" so to say and this is when i knew she was about to lose it. She would say if i went first she would do this and that and today i wasnt gonna agree to anything.

She was at her limit and was begging me if she could just go and like i always do i told her no because i like her accidents to be as genuine as possible, after i declined she said (mumbling) something along the lines of "ugh fine but next time im winning". She stood there still bouncing. i sat down with my hands in my crotch watching her, she slowly stopped bouncing and as she slowed down i could hear the hissing sound and then the sound of it hitting the ground, she stood up straight i could see the multiple streams pouring out of her leggings making a puddle around her feet. It poured down her legs, and so much of it too, she finally stopped and sat on my lap and said "You win. Happy?" followed by "Your turn" and smiled. So i gladly went with her on my lap and thats pretty much where our story ends.

So this is only one of many experiences, ill probably post more in the future, or maybe she will. And of course if you want some pics just ask, only thing is that she wore black leggings so its a little hard to see but i mean its still there so :D.

*002*2017-07-31 14:27

{{2 hours ago, ragtime said:

Thanks for sharing this cool game of intimacy! Was your gf into omo pre-you, or is she just down? Either way, very fun.

Would love some pix if your gf is ok with them shared!

}}

Glad you liked it! We've both been into it since before we met.

*004*2017-08-01 02:21

{{6 hours ago, amberpee said:

Excellent story, sounds like so much fun. She wore black leggings, but what about you? What did you wear? I am a very visual person so pictures or vivid descriptions are always appreciated.

}}

I was wearing dark blue jeans(but not to dark lol) with white socks. Nothing special really :D

*006*2017-08-01 17:34

{{4 hours ago, lenna said:

I really would love to do this together with someone!

You are incredibly lucky :)

Do you have more experiences like this, together with your GF? I'd love to read them all <3

Also, do you always win? Or have you lost some times?

}}

I don't always win lol, she can be pretty good at distracting. Sometimes we do some different scenarios and even if we aren't really playing we generally don't let the other go anyway.

