Desperate on Balcony

Author: Hold4hours

*000*2021-11-07 06:07

So starting off, just saying that I love to hold for my boyfriend, and sometimes he challenges me and gets me desperate and likes to play with me and I try not to squirt or wet myself!

So one night we planned to drink a bit, and I would hold so we could play while I was desperate. I had several beers plus two full water bottles in a short period of time, and I purposely like to break the seal in the beginning too, because it makes it me leak just a bit easier sometimes when playing

Anyway I get really desperate right, I’m reaching my 7/10 level, and I go outside on the porch in boxers and hoodie to sit down. For reference we live on the third floor and have a large-ish balcony with some chairs and plants and trees shielding us from the street down below. I sit down on one of our chairs and start playing some porn on my phone, to get me in the mood a little more (because I’m not already bursting at this point lol) and I begin to rock a little. My scale is heightened and I go to a 8.5/10.

I check in with my bf inside snd let him know my scale, and he told me to have one more beer and wait 30 more minutes and we could play. I was so giddy! I grab my beer and by this time I almost can’t stand up straight, I have so much in my bladder and i felt like if I stood up I would leak! I made it to the porch and stood by the railing, rocking a little back snd forth, not wanting to sit down. I reach a 9/10 quickly and I let my bf know inside, he tells me to take off my boxers and stay outside. Super risky but I love a good public-ish challenge as soon as I pull my boxers down I feel how wet I am and how much my bussy is throbbing. My lips are slippery snd my dick is hard and swollen between them. I move my legs around and when I do that, it tickles my dick ever so slightly, it feels so good!

My boyfriend steps outside and he brings our glass dildo with him. He knows I’m wet and ready for him and I spread my legs. This is almost impossible to do because I’m still so full and ready to burst! Opening them almost made me leak and I can feel that cold glass slip up into my hole so slowly. He’s standing right beside me and reaching down with the one hand, sliding that dildo into me so softly and slowly. He goes in deep and pulls it all the way out, forcing me to let out just a little pee! He hears it hit the floor and reminds me that i have to hold it. I say yes sir and clench my bussy tighter. He puts the dildo back in and slides it in and out, slow at first and picking up pace. I relax and it feels so good, and didn’t let any pee out, although I’m so desperate and ready to explode.

I’m also trying to keep quiet, as we’re still on the balcony. He’s thrusting it in and out of me faster and faster and I’m trying so hard not to burst on the concrete and moan at the same time! The pressure of it all is so great; the glass feels so smooth I’m gonna squirt so soon! I tell him I can’t take it and he quickens his pace. All of a sudden he pulls out and I let out a giant leak on the patio! I hear it splash and it felt so good to let a little out! I cross my legs to save the rest and ask for more, “please fuck me hard again, Daddy, that felt so good!” He slid it inside of me again and returned to the fast pace. He gets me roused up again and I’m biting my forearm just to make sure I don’t moan or leak and he pulls out again, this time Bringing with it an event bigger leak than the previous and I’m soaking the patio deck.

He tells me to get in the shower snd that’s when i know! He says I can let it out on him while he’s inside of me to my hearts content in there

I leak the rest of what I have on the glass piece while it’s being shoved in and out of me in the bathtub. It felt so good to release it, and then asking permission to cum while doing it made it even better…

Fuck that was great

