Pee desperation at the strip club

Author: holdingbabe

*000*2024-09-16 09:25

Hi everyone, long time lurker, first time poster. I’m 26 F, 5’5 and 110lb, i work as a stripper but i’ve always had a holding fetish as long as i can remember. I know this is probably going to sound fake, but i promise it’s not. I can post the video later.

Anyways, I was at the club on friday, i sat on a guy and started chatting with him. I was wearing a black two piece lingerie set. After a couple minutes he told me he had a “weird fetish” and was wondering if i would be open to it in the vip room. He was into desperation. In that moment i felt as though he totally clocked me, i love that stuff.

I drank two glasses of water and one vodka soda before we went into the room. He paid for an hour and told me if i make it the entire hour, he’d give me a good tip. Once he paid and we got inside, i drank one more glass of water. I was feeling so full of liquid and my bladder was starting to fill. I was at a 5 and it was midnight. I began to dance on him and he lightly pressed against my bladder. I started to squirm and he started getting turned on. As the minutes passed, my desperation grew.

I was up to a 7 after only 20 minutes. My legs twitched and my hands began to grab myself. He instructed me that i was not allowed to hold myself, so i sat obediently, muscles clenched. 30 minutes had passed by now and i was really starting to get desperate. I could no longer hold the conversation, my mind could only think about how badly i needed to pee. My bladder was bulging and aching. He pressed his hand against it and i let out a moan. He grew hornier and so did I. Holding felt so good, this is my fetish as well, but i was starting to get worried. This is my job after all, i didn’t want to be caught having an accident by management.

By now it was 12:40am and i was at an 8. I began to hold myself and bounce up and down. My client had ordered another water and forced me to drink it. I was seriously worried now, my bladder was so full. I drank the water and it seemingly instantly hit my bladder. There were now 10 mins left and i was at a 9. My legs were shaking and i couldn’t sit up straight because my bladder was so full. I told him i knew i was going to pee for over a minute, i hadn’t been this desperate in a long time. When there were 5 minutes left, i was losing it. One spurt quickly escaped and i grabbed myself in fear of flooding the couch. My panties were wet from pee and from my pussy. My customer was so turned on at this point , but I was so scared I was going to lose it.

The last few minutes were pure torture. As soon as the clock struck 1am I bolted out of the room. I couldn’t even stand up straight because my bladder ached so badly. I ran into the ladies room squirming but quickly got out my camera to record. I sat in the toilet and moaned as i released the longest piss i’ve ever had to hold. My video was 1 minute and 20 seconds long. I panted as i peed and instantly felt a wave of relief. I felt horny as I watched the golden piss shoot out of me.

After I was done, I showed my client the video and he was so proud of me. He asked me how soon I thought I’d need to pee again and if i’d be down for round two. I grabbed another water and could already feel my bladder filling again. Needless to say, we got in another vip room shortly after. Maybe i’ll post a part 2? hope you liked it 🙂

*012*2024-09-24 18:26

{{On 9/21/2024 at 11:09 PM, wettingman said:

Wow . This story is what I love to hear. It is an awesome well detailed story.

I look forward to part 2 and the video if you are comfortable sharing it.

}}

Wow ! okay i’ll def post part 2! haha this is my first post and it took forever to get approved, coming soon 👀

*014*2024-09-25 18:09

{{4 hours ago, bobwells55 said:

You should post some wetting photos or start a fansly!!

}}

I want to, i’ve just been nervous haha. This post is getting some good traction though !

