Yesterday night at a pub

Author: Hon3y

*000*2023-10-24 07:00

This is to tell you that yesterday night i felt a new (new for me) omorashi area. I went to a pub.. Before going i drank 1 litre of water and my green tea! I took a pee before going out also... Just to stay on the safe side! Total 6 hours was spent outside yesterday! But man, i did feel my urge building up in such a great rate! I try to avoid hard liquors, so drank normal water, sodas, mocktails etc only along with foods! But yes, i think our normal activity also affects the way how our kidneys generate that golden liquid maybe! Cause i was almost constantly dancing in my seated position with the loud beats!!! I really do enjoy such lively ambience! And maybe that's why my kidneys were also not so inactive, they also tried to keep up with the pace, lol😆. 

And when i returned back to home, i was really feeling like peeing! Otherwise 6 hrs is quite a small time slot for me to feel like peeing. That too without much liquid. So yeah, coming to the point! I think... I'll attempt a desperation totally outside someday. Maybe in such disco pub type places... Where everybody is boozing, nobody will notice much on what others are drinking(unless there're some stalking phenomenon from different boys, lol! Which infact i also enjoyed, anyway!). 

It'll be such a great place to push my limit. Man!!! I would really enjoy to be under the supervision of a Dom who can tell me how much to drink... To feel my submission. I don't care whether it's a single dom or multiple Doms until they are all actually willing to own me(not temporarily... I mean total owning... Where well being of the sub is also taken care of).

Huh! Thanks for giving a read to this random wish!

Oh btw, I was wearing a saree(traditional attire in our country) with leggings below it, to keep the saree tucked in. So basically it created a jumpsuit type situation. Not possible to pee without taking off the whole attire, which i also try to avoid as i suck at handling sarees!

*002*2023-10-24 12:33

{{4 hours ago, wetgarth said:

I think you could get away with wetting in an outfit like that. Give it a try somewhere safe and see what it looks like first

}}

I know... But shoes will tell the truth!! Plus releasing is never my objective!!!

{{3 hours ago, 40sleaker said:

Darn it. Really, really wish I had a clue how to be a Dom.

Amazingly hot 🔥 story well told

}}

🥺🥺... Thank you... You wish to be a Dom for me, that's enough honour🥺

*004*2023-10-24 15:18

{{27 minutes ago, MeAndYou said:

I could do it, but obviously it depends on a lot of things. First of all: when. I have to have free time to do it well. Then, if we both have time, you would have to tell me your limits and intentions (how much you wanna hold, if you wanna wet, and if so, if you wanna wet in public or not etc.)

}}

Time negotiations can be done anytime! Better if you tell me about your possible free time, after you'll be the one controlling, Doms first😉, lol😁.

And about wetting?! Well, if you had seen my previous posts, you would have known by now that i don't wanna wet ever.... Though that inevitable thing just happens involuntarily!!!! If something is the ultimate result, why will i want to do that?! I should want to explore something else, na?! Things that are tough to do, not the regular things.

*007*2023-10-25 02:10

{{3 hours ago, MeAndYou said:

Ok so involuntary wetting it is (if i got it correctly). About axploring new things, we can talk about it later. About the time, I'm actually (sadly) a really busy person, so it would be better for me if you could tell me when you're free. And trust me, if you want something tough, i'll give you something tough. Wanna talk here or in private?

}}

Excuse me, you commented first, i expect you to be telling about your free time first. I'm not so free either.

*009*2023-10-25 17:15

{{1 hour ago, MeAndYou said:

Got it, but i'm really busy these times im sorry, i'll let you know if i get some free time.

}}

Okie😁

*011*2023-10-25 18:33

{{2 minutes ago, ews21 said:

Let me know the next time you want a dom.

}}

Aww, thank you all... I'm so glad this site has so many Doms for subs like me!!!

