Small sighting in a classroom

Author: Helloworldiwea

*000*2021-01-05 03:29

Just a small desperation sighting I recently had.

Background: at this job, we have a large “classroom(1)” behind it, we have a small room for storage. In this room, there are bathrooms. We also sometimes use it ie for conferences. In between each student, we give the others the opportunity to go to the bathrooms as they are unable to while a conference is in session. During a recent string of mini conferences, there was one female who I noticed acting peculiar: Bridget(2). She was on the short side, no higher than 5.4 at most, with blond hair down to the bottom of her neck. She wore jeans and an off-white shirt.

I was in charge of each students conference this day while the others worked on different projects. The day had already been around six hours, and Bridget hadn’t gone to the bathroom do I keep track? Not really, but most only go right before their conference. On this particular day, I called someone else into their conference (say David). As David got up and began walking towards the back room, I saw Bridget oddly following behind. Suddenly, however, the head “instructor”called for everyone to gather.

I didn’t need to hear the message, so I hung out in the doorway. I watched and saw Bridget seemed very fidgety and I connected it at this point to her needing to use the bathroom. She remained fidgeting and possibly biting her lip for a few minutes during the announcement.

Once it was over, David returned to me for his conference. Just as he was shutting the door behind him, Bridget sneaks through the narrow opening and into the bathroom with a “sorry. It’s an emergency.” I had to wait for her to leave before David’s conference began.

After David left, guess who was next on my list? Bridget! She would have also known she was next, which means she may not have been able to wait any longer during her conference, I briefly mentioned how she wasn’t supposed to dart into the bathroom like that, and she apologized, again squarely admitting it was an “emergency.” So far, it was the only desperation I’ve seen of her, and nothing more has come of it, unfortunately

1. For adult students and/or technical college style

2. Real names not used

