Night Walk

Author: Haburashi

*000*2018-12-06 01:33

Hello boy's and girls'!

I think I need to be more active here, so it's time for a little story! Since a few months ago, I moved to my own place. No parents or siblings who will annoy me. Don't get me wrong! I really love my family, but they can be really annoying. I had nearly no time for omo-fun, because they did my laundry and randomly burst into my room.

But since I've been living for my own, I had so much time to fulfil my omo fantasies. But just peeing myself from time to time was nothing more like short fun and clean up. So here is the deal: I will tell you about my omo-experiences, so it's not just fun between me, my pants and my washing mashine.

Today, I tried something more thrilling than peeing somewhere in my appartment. I had a long day writing stuff and later a friend joined me till 10PM. We had fun together, watching all kind of movies and drinking energy drinks and a beer. When he finally left, I felt a tingle in my bladder. I wasn't peeing since 8PM and we had a few drinks together. I glimpsed around my room. The trash can was overflowing and I haven't left my appartment today. So I thought to myself: Chug some water down and take the trash to the trash can. I took the trash, left my appartment, and going down the staircase. Some paper was taped on the front door. That wasn't there yesterday?! 

"Please close the door as quiet and slowly as possible!" was written on the paper. Yes! I always do that! The front door has an awkward closing mechanism. It's closing really slowly(And some kind of brake didn't allow you to move the door faster!), but after the last 2cm it's turning full speed warp-drive! So I closed the door as commanded and walking to the trash can. The trash can is somewhere around the city block, so I enjoyed the short walk. After I get rid of my trash, I realised my bladder really wanted relieve. But my Omo-corrupted brain said: No, we want to walk through the night, till the bladder cries and the nature receives.

So I was walking and it was raining and my shoes were soaked, but some strange force kept me walking. After 30 minutes I realised, I will not get home without peeing. But...But I am shy! If I can't hold any longer I can still go into the bushes and pee there. Without peeing myself. But Omo-brain said: No, don't waste your pee. Go back home, but don't pee outside your clothes.

So I was going back, but my bladder let out a small spurt! No! I need to get home dry! I speeded up a little and tried to concentrate on my bladder. I was breathing slowly and my hands moved to my crotch area. Wow. Don't do that, that's suspicious. I didn't know, where to put my hands and I started walking funny. Like a drunk guy. But I wasn't drunk. I just had to pee so badly! After a while I was spurting again. And again. Damn I need to get home quick! The street lamps where showing a visible spot on my jeans.

I regain a little control about my bladder again, but then I reached my home street. Something down there realised I am near my home, so I am near the toilet. I wasn't spurting anymore...I was leaking. Shit I need to hurry! There is the entrance of my block! And the cursed door. I fiddle out my keys and opened the door. And I was leaking while doing that. I hold the door and it felt like an eternity to finally close it! Rushing up the staircase, with a spurt every step I take. And finally, I get in my appartment. And all that pee was running down my pants.

That was a nice feeling.

*002*2018-12-06 22:23

{{13 hours ago, WetAndMuddyFun said:

I love going for walks when I have to pee. The only difference is that I don't let myself turn back home until I can't hold on any longer and end up wetting myself.

}}

I am way too shy to do that! But it would be such a thrilling experience! With small steps, I might be more open to do that in the future...

