I’ve never squeezed my legs so hard

Author: HoldingHeroine

*000*2022-11-23 19:35

Today is a great day.

I have been experimenting more with this … quirk … recently and I have to say I’m so glad I did. Work has been slow these days so to spice it up I figured I’d spend my time at the office holding. I recently stumbled upon discord and some folks on there have really added to the holding & wetting experiences for me. I love hearing their ideas, suggestions, experiences. I also love being able to talk to others about my holding because it isn’t something I’ve shared with friends.

Back to why today is great.

I got up this morning around 0600, let the dogs out, drank 12 oz of coffee, then had my morning pee in the shower as usual by 0730. On the way to work I got a 12oz coffee which I sipped on along with 24oz water. Both of those were finished around 1100 which is when the desperation really set in. I knew I was ready to have some fun. I got up from my office to fill my cup with 24 more oz of water. Walking was easy but I could feel my bladder tightening as I moved. By 1200 I had finished another 24oz of water totaling 100oz of water and 24oz of coffee. I was bursting. I was throbbing. I was squirming. I was bouncing in my chair. I was gripping my crotch with my hand as hard as I could. I almost threw out a muscle trying to squeeze my legs shut.

Then it came out.

Like Niagara Falls.

For two straight minutes.

I was at my office so I thankfully had time to sprint to the bathroom before gushing into the toilet. And I didn’t wear my belt today.

I then went to lunch, filled up on 12oz soda and was going to pee before heading back to the office, but the pizza place bathroom was occupied. When I got back to my office only minutes later I was already at a 4/10. I walk in to find out that the women’s restroom is out of order.

I was not planning on doing another hold but it looks like the universe had other plans.

By the time I wrap up writing this I’m teetering on a 6/10.

Stay tuned

*002*2022-11-25 04:02

The best day, continued.

There I sat around 1430 rapidly approaching a 7/10. I had until 1700 when I could leave the office. Could I make it that long? My mind was racing. I knew since I just did an intentional hold just hours before, my bladder was going to fill up QUICK. And, I was more than halfway there

Fuck.

I continued to sip on my soda out of pure anxiety. When I’m not sure what to do I tend to get fidgety. Well needless to say I fidgeted my way through finishing that soda in just a couple minutes. Oops.

I sat with my legs crossed as tightly as possible and tried not to move a muscle until it was time to go home. There was a men’s room available at the office, but the thought of running into a male coworker in a sheer state of desperation was enough to push me right over the edge. Holding it until I got home was the clear choice.

Flash forward to 1600. Only an hour to go. I was at an absolute 9.9. The pain had set in. I somehow managed not to squirm or wiggle but that somehow made it more painful. My bladder bulge was so big it honestly could have burst a button.

I got up out of chair to grab something from across the room and that’s when I felt it.

It was coming.

I grabbed my crotch and ran to the men’s room as fast as I could, my kidneys and v****a throbbing with every step forward. I’m hunched over trying to get a head start on unbuckling my belt with one hand while the other holds on for dear life. Do not piss your pants in this office.

There’s a private stall with a toilet in the back of the men’s room, after a wall of 2 urinals. I flung the door open and have approximately.5 seconds to get the lay of the land (I’ve obviously never been in the men’s room before).

It became clear that I won’t be making it the additional 5 steps to the stall with a toilet. Before I knew it I was pushing my pants to my ankles and straddling over one of the urinals. Almost instinctually, I was thrusting my hips forward and up, aiming my pee against the porcelain walls. My arms were hanging by my sides, my head hung back. I was paralyzed with relief.

I don’t think I’ve ever felt so great. At one point I twitched so hard from pleasure that my stream shifted and started to run out the front of the urinal and drip onto my pants. I saw this happening and didn’t care. I still couldn’t move. It felt incredible to let this rush of pee go. Listening to it hiss and splash.

Eventually I realized I hadn’t even locked the door. Anyone could have come in at any point.

What a day. I’m a little wet thinking about it.

*004*2022-11-25 15:29

{{5 hours ago, readingissexy said:

Oh wow, that sounds like a close call - I'm glad you made it to the bathroom. I have to say you did an amazing job to use a urinal, unfortunately there are some guys that don't manage to get most of it in there 😆

How did it feel to walk back out into the office after that? The relief and feeling of naughtiness at what you had done must have been off the scale!

}}

TBH, I was shocked it went as well as it did. I think it’s because I had to go SO bad that when those muscles finally retracted the flow was so strong that it went where I needed it to. I have only attempted a urinal on one other occasion and it definitely did not going anywhere close to how I planned. So being that this was so unexpected and successful just made it that much better. It’s an experience I’ll remember for a while.

The walk back to my desk was indescribable. I love knowing that I have this little secret. But the absolute relief and pleasure is really what drove the experience home.

