"We need to establish a wee corner" - a Saturday night train journey...

Author: homeanddry

*000*2018-09-30 19:39

Picture the scene. It’s late on a Saturday evening in a big city. The last train of the night to another nearby city, and a few smaller towns along the way, is leaving soon. The station’s full of intending passengers who have had more than a few drinks, and you have to pay to use the toilets on the station.

Of course, then, most of them will probably wait until they’re on the train and use the toilets there. Tonight, though, it’s wedged solid on the train; it’s just really busy for some reason. They could barely get everyone on, let alone have room for any but a lucky few to be able to get to the toilets. Some of them had been waiting on the station for quite a while too, probably hoping for an advantage in the scrum. It didn’t help them, though, as the platform wasn’t announced until the last minute.

Eventually, late, the train gets on its way. People start talking to one another and it’s all very sociable, which is just as well when you’re crammed in like that. It doesn’t take long for talk to turn to the inevitable. “I’m dying for a wee”, a man in his twenties says loudly to his friends. Another one in his group agrees, and someone else who they’ve started talking to. He looks around for the toilet, but they’re stuck right at the end of the train and the nearest toilet is at the other end of the coach, with barely any room for standing passengers. No chance.

How many stops to go, they ask each other? Four stops, they agree. They’re going right into the other city, then, an hour away. They each pop open another tin, which seems unlikely to help their cause. One says that he’s going to just have to wee where he’s standing. One of the girls that they’ve been talking to says that they “need to establish a wee corner”, starting to take charge of the situation. They’ve otherwise not had much to say, but I wonder how they’re getting on. There’s a lot of people of people on this train, all sorts of people but most of them have had a lot to drink. There must be quite a few in a similar predicament along the length of the train.

After what seems an age, the first station, in the suburbs of the city. A few get off, and a few get on. Nothing much has changed. Onwards. “Oh my god, he’s actually doing it”, I hear. Clearly it’s got too much for one of them, but I can’t see what’s happening. Maybe he’s found the bin and decided to give it a go. It’s not much help for the girls though, nor for anyone who’s further down inside the train, or lucky enough to have been quick enough to get a seat that they’d now be trapped in.

Another ten minutes, and we’re in the first town along the way. Quite a few get off here. There’s no toilets at this small station, but one heads to a quiet corner of the platform. The rest shuffle off up the ramp to wherever they’re going. Will they make it? We’ll never know.

It’s still busy, but at least people can move around now. Another half hour and a couple more stops, and we’re in the next city. A lot get off, and another crowd boards to replace them. No real drama now though. They gradually drift away as we stop at the towns and villages heading out of this city and towards the next. It’s nearly midnight by the time we get there, and another drunken crowd awaits. Much pushing and shoving follows, but they all get on. By now, though, the toilets are in a real state. It’s only twenty minutes to the next town, where most of them are going. They can hold it, but they’ve also had an extra two hours’ drinking time on those who joined us at the start of the journey.

Off they get, then. “Where’s the toilets”, a girl shouts, doing a bit of a wiggle as she walks. Her travelling companion openly holds himself as the staff on the station explain that the toilets are locked up for the night, and they’re certainly not opening them up now because they want to go home too. Others look disappointed too. It seems that quite a few had been banking on the toilets at the station. Again, we’ll never know what happened next, or how far they made it before they couldn’t hold it any longer.

And so we continued to our destination. There weren’t many of us left now, and most of them were asleep. For those who like that sort of thing (myself included), I’m sorry that I haven’t been able to include much detail of the desperation that I observed, because it was too busy to be able to observe much desperation. I hope you like the scenario though, and you can use your imagination to fill in the gaps. It certainly made the journey more interesting!

*002*2018-09-30 20:25

{{18 minutes ago, Wombat48 said:

I love situations like this!

Actually had this a few years ago travelling back to London from Brighton from a festival- the train was so packed there was no way I could get to the toilet-had to wee in a plastic bag under the table!

}}

There were probably nearly 500 people on this train for the first half an hour - I'd love to know some of the ingenious solutions (like a plastic bag!) that some of them must've come up with!

