Rapid desperation lead to helpless wetting

Author: HentaiKami

*000*2021-10-26 16:09

Hey, everyone! This may be my first post on here, but I have lots of good experiences to share, so I hope everyone enjoys.

This was a few days ago, Saturday evening. I had been considering a rapid desperation hold for a few days, and figured I had the time. With my mind made up, I got started. For three hours, I drank 350-400ml every hour, and made sure to use the bathroom at least once an hour, then, I switched up to 350ml every 15 minutes for an hour, emptying my bladder one last time before starting the real hold: I continued drinking at the same interval, and for a while, it was going pretty smooth.

Time passed, after 30 minutes, I wondered why nothing was happening, but I've always had a big bladder- even though that was about to change.

An hour in, the desperation *flooded* in (pun intended)- though at a bad timing. A stomach ache was bothering me, signaling I had to go in other ways as well. Five minutes later, I took a chance, and actually managed to use the bathroom without wetting at all! -But it doesn't stop there, the need to pee went immediately from a 6, to a 10 right then and there. In a desperate attempt of preparation, I took a Tena Flex diaper I had closely, and stuffed it into my underwear much like a pad. (The actual tabs on it were ripped, so I couldn't close it.)

My body started moving on its own, I squirmed and held my crotch, slowly feeling it become more and more futile to even try. And just like that, a leak escaped, and then a little more- and before I knew it, my bladder gave in; I had now begun fully on wetting myself, and after a short while, the half-assed attempt of protection gave in, and I leaked through the diaper, my boxers, and into my pants. Feeling the warm stream down my thighs, leading to a small puddle on the bathroom floor (ironic, right?) - thus marking the end of the hold.

Overall I'd rate the experience: You definitely gotta try it if you like desperation wetting / 10.

*003*2021-10-29 13:35

{{On 10/27/2021 at 7:08 PM, Drewster88 said:

Sounds like a fantastic experience! Did anything happen with the "other ways" to go?

}}

Was really great, haha, super liberating when all is said and done. xP

Luckily, everything went according to plan!

*004*2021-10-29 13:36

{{On 10/27/2021 at 8:27 PM, SoakMe said:

There is no doubt in my mind. If you want to totally soak yourself with very little control, rapid desperation is the least dangerous way to go about it.

}}

Indeed. It's not doing any permanent damage, and it's definitely something that makes for a fun time if one has some hours to spend on some fun. :)

