What a wet wonderful night!

Author: Helena

*000*2020-08-07 21:53

Posted this in a thread under General, but I think this experiance could use an own topic.

I use a matress protector that are made of tencell that is totally waterproof, breaths and do not crincle. So you don’t hear or feel that is there. On top a have a normal matress protector that is not waterproof, and then the sheets.

When I wet the bed I have to wash both the sheets and the two matress protectors. Some workload of course, but practically not more work to put one or two protectors in the washing maschine. I have my matress protector in the bed at all time, so I can wet the bed whenever the urge hit.

So how often do I have an ” accident”? Well, that depends on the mood, but i differs from one a month to one every third month. So not very often. But I do love thoose nights...

Last time, it was a month agp, I peed my bed six times during the night. In the morning I and the bed was soaked!,

I hadn’t planed to wet the bed, but the urge hit me when I woke up around 2 am really bursting. So I gave in and let the ”accident” happen. I the got up and went to the bathroom and drank a lot of water... I wanted to wet more. I had to be quite so not to wake up my husband that was sleeping next to my wet bed.

I layed myself in the bed, had still my wet panties and nighty on. And fell asleep. After three hours I woke up again - bursting. So I peed, laying on my side. The wet and warm pooled under my bum, spread down my leg and up to my cheast. I even felt my breast getting warm and wet and I started worried a bit about my pillow. I was once again soaked. I turn to my other side so to wet it as well, and this also caused my upper sheet and duvet to get moist.

I woke up three more times before the morning. Every time I peed more in my bed.

The last time, the fifths for the night, my husband woke up. I had to confess. ”My bed is wet. I have peed myself”, I said in a low, maybe somewhat childish voice. ”Oh, do you want to deal with it know...?”, was his respond.

”No, but maybe I can put in a towel...”, I said and he was on his way to get one for me. I stopped him. ”No I can do that for myself”. It was so sweet, he actually wanted to support me, even though he knows I wet on purpose.

I got the towel and we both fell back to sleep. At eight o’clock it was time to get up. We said godmorning, meanwhile I let my morningpee out in my bed... I don’t think he noticed that if not my happy face gave me away... Oh what a night!

*001*2020-08-08 07:11

{{8 hours ago, Novak Rogers said:

That sounds like an almost perfect night😀 Have you always been able to sleep in bed after wetting it or did you have to practice? I can never seem to manage it yet no matter how many times i try to fall asleep on a wet sheet so 6 times is very impressive.

}}

It takes some practice. You have to keep the bed warm, if it becomes cold it’s almost impossible to fall asleep again. If that happens I put a dry towel over the wet spot and also change panties and nightwear. You can still wet the bed again anyways... 💦😊

Yes, six times is much, I was suprized myself. Usually it’s more like two times during the night (after heavy intake of water) and one time in the morning.

*003*2020-08-09 07:14

{{12 hours ago, Novak Rogers said:

Thanks. I'll give that a try tonight.

}}

The best way to keep the bed warm is to stay in it, under a proper duvet. The non waterproof, but thick, matress protector is also at good work as i sucks up a lot fluid (like a sanitary pad). If you have to leave the bed, eg drinking more water, put the duvet over the wet spot to keep it warm.

Good luck and happy wetting! 💦 😊😘

*011*2020-09-20 11:46

{{On 9/17/2020 at 4:50 PM, IWetMyBed said:

Do you have a "Nursing Duvet", with an impermeable cover ?

}}

No. Sometimes I need to wash the duvet, when its wet. But usually it will be fine washing just the sheet, and hang the duvet in the air to freshen up.

*012*2020-09-20 11:53

{{On 8/12/2020 at 10:54 AM, trekkie said:

It's great that your husband supports you in this, even though it doesn't sound like he shares the interest (or does he?) What does he think of it?

}}

He is the best! 😍

He is understanding that ”accidents” will happen. Lately it has been a little more often then before, maybe once a month. He will not indulge, but let me be me. And that’s all I can ask for.

Besides bedwetting I also wet my pants, as you know. That happens more often, maybe once a week, but then the clean up is much easier and dosen’t involve him in the same way as bedwetting. Sometimes I wet myself in front of him, but mostly not. He will just hear the washing maschine or see the wet clothes in the washing room.

*013*2020-09-21 17:50

{{On 9/20/2020 at 2:28 PM, dwp said:

For me and my wife, it is just the opposite. I sometimes wet the bed, and quite often wet my pants. My wife generally won't indulge, but she doesn't get upset with me when I'm wet. I have the bed setup so the wetness pretty much stays on my side of the bed, and I take care of the clean up. She finds my wet clothes at times, if I don't get them washed first, but she just throws them in the wash with everything else.

So like you, even though she doesn't enjoy a nice wetting like I do, she is supportive, and it just isn't a big deal. If she did wet the bed, I would just snuggle up and add my own wetting to it. Sometimes, I wish she would, but really, I know that I've got it good.

}}

Oh, glad to hear! It’s just the opposite.

I have also the bed setup so I can wet whenever I feel like it. How often do you do it? Do you also sometimes hesitate due to it was not long enough from last time? I know he is supportive, but I will not test my luck to far...

Lately I have done more wettings in front of him. He doesn’t mind. I have only done it with him two times in public. Once on our way home from a classic swedish crayfish party, and once on our way home from the commuter train (that lacks fascillities). Otherwise it has been at home, inside or in the garden.

Do you also wet your pants infront of your wife, or only by yourself?

