Wetting my panties after a wet bike ride!

Author: Hazel

*000*2017-05-29 07:09

I would share my wetting experience from today. I've been lurking on this site for a while but I decided.to share my experiences too.

Before I start this story I was wearing a black tight shirt with black shorts and blue panties. I am a girl who is 5"6' and has a thinner build with blonde hair. At 2pm I decided to go on a bike ride and I knew I was going to be out for a while and it's 90°F here so I packed plenty of water. As I was biking I was drinking water very quickly an felt a little twinge from my bladder. I knew I was far from wetting myself but for fun I relaxed my muscles and let a short spurt come out of me. I knew it would dry almost instantly given the temperature outside.

Later as ride went along my bladder was filling up and I let out a couple more spurts as it went on. I got home at around 4:30 and had to pee pretty badly but I wanted to have some fun with this. I am currently working on a radio controlled plane and decided to start working on that and I could feel the water from earlier catching up to me. I drank some more water and.decided to let a spurt out and checked the damage. There was a small wet spot on my panties but I knew that would dry pretty quickly so I let out a little bit more. I felt liquid slowly move down my abdomen and a little trickle out of me into my panties. I then came up with an idea. Why don't I try and hold on as long as I can while spurting every time my panties dry.

11pm came and I was squirming in my chair with on hand held tightly on my urethra. I was very desperate now and couldn't sit still for a second. I felt a little bit of pee leak out and into my hand decided to try and stand up and as I did so I felt a spurt escape my bladder and into my hand. At this point I knew that even if I tried to get to the bathroom I would never make it in time bit o tried anyway. Also to make it more interesting I removed my hand from my crotch and tried to get to the bathroom. With every step I felt pee spurting into my panties and I saw a wet spot slowly growing on my shorts. I could feel the warm pee carresing my crotch and it felt amazing. I was determined to hold it.

By the time I was getting close to the bathroom there was a steady trickle coming from me and right as I walked into the bathroom I started peeing full force. I ran over to the toilet and took just my shorts off before peeing full force through my panties. It felt absolutely incredible. I peed for quite some time and just sat their for a bit afterword with legs that felt like jello. The clean up process wasn't brilliant because there was pee all over the floor but it was worth it.

This is my first story on this website so any feedback would be great! I hope you enjoyed!

*008*2017-05-31 03:32

{{10 hours ago, ACLovesthis said:

Ok I'm new here and I already can tell that I'm going to love it here. GREAT STORY!

}}

{{10 hours ago, Toady567 said:

Nice!

}}

{{16 hours ago, Bulge71Burst said:

Amazing idea. Would love to hr more from you.

}}

{{23 hours ago, Thisguy8120 said:

Great story, sounds like a lot of fun! Thanks for sharing!

}}

{{On 5/29/2017 at 4:54 PM, Revolver_Kidd said:

Wow you were determined!!! Great story, loved it :)

}}

I didnt initially plan on wetting myself and i really didnt want to get it on the carpet.

{{On 5/29/2017 at 8:16 AM, The Dark Wolf said:

Awesome story.

}}

{{On 5/29/2017 at 2:05 AM, Gemmy said:

Great story, Loved the thought of you letting little spurts go for fun.

}}

Thank you so much!!!!

*013*2017-06-06 04:34

{{18 minutes ago, watchingherhold said:

I loved this letting short spurts out and letting them dry. This allowed a really long period of fun starting at 2pm and lasting until 11pm. I loved that you them finished with a full holding until wetting. A perfect day and experience. I certainly look forward to more from you. Thank you for sharing.

}}

Thank you!

*014*2017-06-06 04:34

{{On 6/4/2017 at 5:28 PM, derektor_2000 said:

Hazel -

"... for fun I relaxed my muscles and let a short spurt come out of me. I knew it would dry almost instantly given the temperature outside..."

I do like this method and use it often. Nice to hear I'm not the only one who likes it!

Peace,

Derek

}}

{{On 6/4/2017 at 11:18 AM, Klotz1796 said:

Lovely story.....nicely described!

}}

{{On 5/31/2017 at 4:18 PM, WettingFan91 said:

What a turn on of a story. Very climactic the way you led up the dribbling to the uncontrollable full force peeing while walking to the toilet. Then of course the climax of ultimate relief through the panties. Sexy. Very well written :)

}}

Thank you!

