Wetting at the Carnival

Author: HeyItsSato

*000*2012-01-16 07:31

This was certainly a long time ago, but I'll try to remember most of what happened that day. One summer, when I was eight years old, I went with my aunt and my cousins to the carnival that came to town. I'd begged my mom to take me, but she could never do it. So when my aunt invited me, I was really excited. I woke up that morning with a good breakfast, drinking three cups of apple juice without even really noticing. I spent some time watching TV while i waited for my aunt and cousins to come, feeling a slight urge to go pee before I left.

I ignored this however, wanting to see what happened in my show before I had to leave. A bit after my show ended, my aunt beeped her car horn outside my house, so i said goodbye to my mom and ran to the car, getting in the back seat with one of my cousins who was 10, the other was in the front seat and was 12. We then drove off, getting to the carnival soon after. The car ride was fine, but made the feeling of needing to pee a bit more prominent since I didn't have anything to focus on.

By the time we got to the carnival and parked, I certainly needed to go, and was now looking for a bathroom. I wanted to play and have fun though, so when i couldn't find a bathroom, I was playing games in between. I remember that there were many games like ring toss, and the game where you throw the ball at the glass bottles so you can get a prize. After a lot of playing and other events at the carnival, My cousins wanted me to go in a big bouncy house with them. When they asked, I remembered my need to pee, now causing me to have a slight pain in my groin. It hurt, but i figured i could hold it for just a bit more, especially because there was a portable toilet not too far away from the bouncy house. I could have just gone, and then played, but I really wanted to play in there, never having been in a bouncy house before. I ran in with my cousins, having a lot of fun with them and the other kids that were playing as well. 

It wasn't too long though, before I felt the pressure build intensely in my bladder. I bounced out of the house and put my shoes back on, running to the toilet. Luckily, no one was in there so I just went in. The process of entering the toilet and figuring out how to lock the door let the pressure build right up to my member, the idea of finally going making it much worse. Looking down, I started trying to get my belt off, not yet knowing exactly how to undo the buckle. I fiddled with it for as long as I could, even trying to just slip my pants off without unbuckling it. Unfortunately though the belt was too tight, causing me to lose control despite being right near the toilet. I felt the stain growing from the front of my pants all the way down my legs, my briefs being completely soaked and my pant-legs leading the pee into my socks. At the time, of course, I wasn't very fond of the idea of having an accident, so I proceeded to find my aunt, who ended up taking me home soon after.

That was the first time I ever really had an accident after being potty trained. I thought it'd be the last time, but looking back now, I guess i spoke too soon ;)

