Desperately holding pee while playing computer games (with pics)

Author: holding-myself

*000*2021-06-29 16:14

Some weeks ago I already wrote somewhere on here that I won't have a chance for real wetting for some time and how I really long for a hold.

Last week I ceased an opportunity. I had made an appointment with some friends to play video games online, so I knew I could stay alone in a room for several hours without anyone noticing me squirming and holding myself. I planned to get myself desperate to pee before and then hold it. I could not completely wet myself, but at least I could struggle on until the first spurts escape and then empty my bladder into the toilet. To make it less obvious that I leaked for anyone who I might encounter, I wore some blue cotton boxer briefs with a double layer of fabric on the front side and thick dark grey sweat shorts on top , which would not show some wetness quickly.

It had been a hot day. I had gone to the bathroom for the last time 3 o'clock and then drank lots of ice tea, lemonade and water because it was a pretty hot day. Between 3 and 5 I had been sitting on the porch, reading a book. I already felt a noticeable need to pee before 5. It was not to bad but I held myself with my hand occasionally and so sneakily that the neighbors couldn't see it - just for fun.

Some time after five I went inside, logged onto my PC and sat down with another bottle of water next to me. We started playing and fortunately we chose a strategy game, so that I needed only the right hand for playing and had my left hand free for holding myself - which was absolutely and constantly necessary about an hour into the game. It would have been much more uncomfortable if we had played a game for which I'd need both hands.

&&

I became ever more desperate, squirming and squeezing myself, until around 7 my bladder gave in and let the first two spurts escape. So I had to give up and hobble awkwardly and bent over to the toilet.

&&

It was the first time for me to document my hold on live action omorashi, where somebody else was holding at the same time. So here's the link to my first post. If you like you can reread it in real-time

$omorashi.org/topic/736-live-action-omorashi/page/2368/?tab=comments&do=embed&comment=1892016&embedComment=1892016&embedDo=findComment#comment-1892016"

