7 hour hold went better than expected

Author: Here4theFun

*000*2023-08-16 01:30

Today I did a hold after a long time and thought I’d share it since It was quite unprecedented of me to be able to hold so much.

I started at 5.pm when I was about to have lunch, went to the bathroom for good measure and as to not skew results and started logging on the discord. It may be a bit contended but because I had soup for lunch, I decided to count it, logging it as 300ml which is a bit less water than what I added (to make do for the evaporated water while cooking) I also decided to live a little and had a 330ml beer.

Afterwards I decided to sit on it a bit and do some chores around the house, apparently doing a hold makes me want to be active to distract myself, so I capitalized on it for productivity. Since things were too calm, I decided to drink my trusted water bottle of 500ml three hours later. I wanted to do a long hold, so I wasn’t in a hurry at all.

To test myself I decided to mop the kitchen, which was a bit of a disaster, so I was busy fixing that until an hour and a half later when I went to drink half of my bottle (250ml). Again it was messy but nor super bad, so I kind of had to re do it and meanwhile I was sipping on more water which I noted as 100ml more. You can imagine how fun it was to deal with all the water while feeling the first tingles of desperation.

Now firmly on the six hour mark I was getting bored of water, so looking around I found some pink gin and old sprite, which would make do. One glass in that I didn’t fully fill (200ml) was consumed while I talked in omo chat and browsed twitter and not twenty minutes later I downed the rest of my water bottle, so 250ml.

Alcohol makes me thirsty (I know very helpful in this case, not so much when I get out to a bar) so I got myself this time a glass full of gin and sprite (300ml) and a glass full of water to compensate (another 300ml). Because I wanted to distract myself, I went to read the 40 last pages of the second book of Dune. I do not know which I finished first, but it was safe to say I was struggling quite a bit at the seven hour mark. The challenge came when I had to get up from the sofa to get more water.

Thing is even the slaty crackers I was eating could not prevent how tipsy I got, but it was a just happy buzz that was no detriment to the hold. In the next ten minutes I drank around a third of a glass with what was left of the sprite and refilled my 500ml water bottle. You have to understand by now I was fidgeting quite a lot and full with 2,63L which is around the mark where I usually give up.

But today was a special day, yes I felt full to the brim, but also I knew I could do better. Talking with the chat I decided to go for it and drank the 500ml making it 3,13L!!! It was a lot more than I ever remember drinking so I was pretty excited and full of adrenaline. Not only that I had a pretty sizable bladder bulge that looked amazing, and certainly felt great to press on. It was very enjoyable to be so full, and because of it I decided to play around a bit and take some pictures to rememorate. Which wow!!!

I was in the 7:38h mark and fidgeting a lot. I’m talking crotchgrabbing going on one feet and then the other sort of desperation. It felt great knowing I was so full and moments close to bursting. Yet, suddenly someone in the chat mentioned how they were at 3,5L full and challenged me to match him. How could I say no? I was trembling but fully determined, if I had managed to drink 3L how could I not manage 400ml more? So I did, at 7:45h of the hold I went and drank it.

And Oh boy did it not affect me. I was already shaking and bowing my back to accommodate the water, but it hit me like a train. Like a headless chicken I ran to the bathroom, but for some reason my brain could only focus on the floor cleaner product on the counter and the need to take it to the kitchen. So, like an idiot wanting to torture herself I took it there, violently putting it one the table before racing back.

I knew the moment was near, I was going to burst. My pyjama pants fell to the floor faster than I’ve ever lowered them and then. Hesitation. I stood there, full to the brim, blader about to explode, looking between the toilet and the shower as if to decide where it would be better to loose it. In the end my body decided for me, I leaked a couple of drops and moved instinctively to sit on the toilet, a second later the gates were open. So powerful was the stream I even somehow managed to wet the front of the seat. It took me a full minute to even stop peeing and by the end I still had a bulge.

An hour later I had to go again, and now almost three hours later I’m still feeling the effects of it, full and ready to go.

In the end I'm super proud to have made it the 3,5L mark, and I'm super happy with how big my bladder bulge look in the pictures I took 😄

*003*2023-08-16 11:19

{{6 hours ago, Antispam said:

Another for the archives

Think you can share the pics or is that tol much?

}}

Yup! And I'm not comfortable sharing any pics, much less on the forum.

*005*2023-08-16 22:51

{{7 hours ago, Biku said:

Biku curiosity about the full outfit

}}

Summer pijamas

*009*2023-08-19 00:58

{{On 8/17/2023 at 10:35 PM, Wetlifter37 said:

Wow this is SO impressive! How did you get to. be able to hold such extreme volumes?

}}

I really don't know, as I mentioned, once I get to the 2,5-2,7L I check out because I'm struggling hard. It's true the last 500ml was a last ditch chug but the previous liquid was certainly in my bladder. Either I've upped my capacity since I last checked (a good 3 or 4 years ago) or doing chores arround the house helped me sweat some of it out or smth.

{{On 8/18/2023 at 2:27 AM, DespAndHold said:

Wow that is an incredible effort to drink so much and wait so long and no leaks at all until you chose to go!

It sounds like you are experienced at holding but this was an extra special effort! I’d love to know how much of the 3.5 litres you peed out in that first release

}}

I really don't know, but I did spend a minute on the toilet at least just pissing and my bladder was still bulging a bit. Had to go 20ish minutes later to pee again despite not drinking anything and then two hours later for a last pee before bed.

*012*2023-08-20 10:36

{{On 8/19/2023 at 5:49 AM, watchinghold said:

Just to clarify, was it that you drank 3.5 liters of fluids before bursting, or that you genuinely have a 3.5-liter bladder capacity? Either way is amazing, but if you really have that giant a bladder... I might have just fallen in love.

}}

No, I drank 3,5L. My capacity from the last time I measured (where I drank around 2,5L) was 1,1L of pee.

Hahaha if I could keep that much inside I would just burst😂😂😂

