Some observations...

Author: homeanddry

*000*2017-12-11 21:34

Inspired really by a few ‘fantasy’ threads, I thought I’d share a few little experiences that are more about the scenario and ‘what might have been’ rather than descriptions of obviously desperate struggles that I’ve observed. Maybe let your imagination run wild a little?

For now, a few from hanging around the main railway station in the city, waiting for trains, as you do.

Pretty early in the morning, I was talking to the man on the platform (who I knew) whilst he was walking from whatever he’d been doing to go and wait to make sure that the train that I was waiting for stopped in the right place. He seemed to be fidgeting a bit as he turned to walk along the platform, then he stopped and very briefly held himself with one hand before turning back, saying “I’m going for a pee, the train will have to sort itself out” and dashing off to the public toilets.

When the train arrived, with the platform man still in the toilets, the driver stood waiting for everyone to get off (it was a busy train with it being the morning rush hour) whilst doing some pretty serious marching on the spot, remarking to me through his open window that he was “dying for a pee”, before dashing off as soon as the last passenger had alighted.

Another time, much later in the day and no doubt with a lot of people’s actions ‘influenced’ by alcohol, I could see a bit of a crowd waiting for their local train home. One young-ish girl in particular stood out, standing uncomfortably with both hands shoved between her tightly squeezed legs, palms outwards and pressed against the very upper parts of her thighs. She didn’t really move from that position, not for very long at least, other than shuffling around slightly. The platform that they were waiting on is quite a way from the main part of the station (and the toilets!), so I can only guess that she, and her companion, didn’t want to risk missing their train. Just to prolong her suffering, security guards were making everyone get on the train through one door, so she had to shuffle off and join the queue to wait to get on and, presumably, get to the toilet as soon as possible.

Even later in the day, a different evening, I was waiting for my train when a girl – at least a little bit drunk – wobbled up and asked me if I knew what time her train, the last one home for her, left and whether she’d have time to go to the toilet on the station. I replied, checking the screen nearby, and she decided that she wouldn’t have enough time without risking missing the train: “I’ll just have to hold it”. Although there should be a toilet on the train (which she didn’t seem to be aware of), it’s not exactly uncommon at that time of day to find it locked out of use because someone’s made it unusable. Obviously, in her inebriated judgment, she was confident of her ability to make it home (I don’t know how far she was going, but it’s forty minutes to the end of the line and then whatever journey she’d have to make after that), but I wonder how it might have worked out…

*002*2017-12-11 21:44

{{3 minutes ago, Uniee said:

We all know I love a public transport desperation ....

}}

Maybe your posts on that subject have been part of the inspiration to finally write these up :-)

So much potential though, and I'd love to do a bit of writing and explore some of the detail of the ways that different people hide or show their desperate struggle in different ways!

*014*2017-12-11 22:27

{{36 minutes ago, WetDave said:

A few drinks, the last train, and no working toilets are a recipe for a wetting accident. My first adult accident happened like this.

}}

I can’t help but wonder how often that scenario plays out across the country each and every weekend?!

{{35 minutes ago, Uniee said:

I like the ankles crossed thigh squeeze.. preferable with coat to go over lap..

}}

Sounds effective! What happens when it gets past that stage though, when a crisis is near?

{{16 minutes ago, Manowar said:

That's the point. However if you wet yourself sitting on the chair inside the train and get caught by the staff - you may be "rewarded" with the bill for cleaning the seats as well...

}}

I doubt that they would, given how many people make a mess (in much worse ways), maybe unless they were certain that you’d set out deliberately to do it. I certainly wouldn’t condone it though!

In a car - how about sitting on a towel? Probably wouldn’t recommend holding to the point of an unavoidable accident unless you’re just a passenger though!

*017*2017-12-11 22:54

{{22 minutes ago, Manowar said:

It depends of country and of the supervisor of the train I would say.

}}

Over here (in the U.K.), it seems pretty normal for people to make a mess (again, far worse than a puddle on a seat!) without worrying about who’s going to clean it up or who’s going to suffer in the meantime...

{{20 minutes ago, Uniee said:

Worst I've got to is leaking a bit when I stood up to get off... I find a rhythmic thigh squeeze is best to hold off wet, and has other advantages ?

}}

How about if there’s no seats available (and no lap to sit on!), or during that long wait at an unstaffed station for a train that’s been delayed by the snow...?

*019*2017-12-12 11:12

{{4 hours ago, Manowar said:

Where I am living used to be a rule (I am not sure if still exist) that passenger is responsible for the damages in publuc transport properties. And there are video recording in almost every train, buses a.s.o.

}}

They could probably go after someone to recover the costs here, but I don’t know if they ever actually have! Maybe if someone’s gone on a drunken rampage and smashed the train up, when the Police would no doubt be involved and they’d be facing a criminal damage charge. For piddling on a seat though, I doubt it - that’s if the cleaners even notice that it’s happened!

*020*2017-12-12 14:09

{{11 minutes ago, Ely said:

It's the same where I live, so people are carefull and clean after their children if they spill soda or food on the train. I don't know about wetting but if you're caught when the toilets are not broken or out of service I'm pretty sure you have to pay too.

}}

Ha! You should see the state that trains (and buses and whatever else) are left in over here, especially later in the evening but not always. Biscuits, takeaway leftovers, crisps - dropped on the floor and trampled in. Drinks containers knocked over and just left. Toilets blocked and still used until they’re literally overflowing. Sick everywhere, in the toilet and all down the aisle and everywhere. A sad reflection on our society really.

*021*2017-12-12 14:16

{{17 minutes ago, Ely said:

About public transport desperation, I got caught in the middle of nowhere in a train with broken toilets for a little bit more than 6 hours (an accident happened and a lot of trains had to stop) and since a lot of kids were about to pee themselves, the doors were opened to let those who needed to pee to go outside. It was cold and I didn't want to freeze my ass so I stayed inside. I'm totally the type to get desperate because I don't want to use dirty toilets or pee outside if there's nowhere to hide ! I think it actually happened to me before but I always managed to hold it so I don't have clear memories...

}}

There’s been a couple of similar things in the news recently here, specifically mentioning the lack of working toilets:

%https://www.peterboroughtoday.co.uk/news/transport/update-no-water-no-toilets-and-people-are-getting-desperate-passengers-vent-anger-after-being-stuck-on-broken-down-train-for-more-than-five-hours-1-8281165

%https://www.standard.co.uk/news/transport/london-bridge-delays-southern-rail-train-splits-in-two-as-it-departs-station-sparking-more-chaos-a3714501.html

{{1 minute ago, Ely said:

Oh my god, how disgusting ! I'm glad I never had to travel in such a dirty train ! The worst I've seen is dryed gum stick on seats and empty cans.

}}

They’re not all anywhere near that bad, thankfully!

*022*2018-02-25 23:48

Since the ‘public transport desperation’ theme seems to be quite a popular theme, just a couple more quick ones than I’ve observed recently whilst around and about the railway station featured above…

Walking down one of the platforms, as you do, towards the main entrance and just about everything else, I became aware of a bit of a commotion to my left and slightly behind me, seeing in my peripheral vision that the source was a young-ish couple emerging from one of the little alleyways between the buildings on the platform. I could just hear her saying to (I guess!) her partner, “ask someone where they are, please, just ask someone where the toilets are”.

As I passed, they turned to follow me, and I could hear her continuing to plead with him in between making “ooooh” noises. On one hand, I didn’t want to show any real interest in her obvious predicament (omo-shyness?!), but after a short distance I was overcome by a genuine need to offer help, since I know my way about the place and they obviously didn’t! Turning to ask if they were okay, I saw her walking very stiff-leggedly, and she replied asking if I knew where the toilets were. I did the decent thing, of course, and pointed her in the right direction, further along on the opposite platform. She didn’t really stop walking whilst I was telling her, so now they were in front of me, and she continued with what was now a pretty obvious struggle as she walked along, not only waddling with stiff legs but also bending forward noticeably with both hands resting somewhere above the top of her trousers.

Every few seconds, she’d stop, bend forward even more and utter another “ooooh”. They headed off towards the toilets as I went up the steps to the footbridge to the other side of the station to get my train, but they didn’t have much further to go so presumably she made it okay (and there weren’t any “member of the cleaning team to…” announcements!). I did wonder where they’d come from, though, as I don’t remember there being a train on the platform that they walked across from – had they been wandering around in circles trying in vain to find the toilets? My initial thought was that they’d just come out the waiting room right next to where I first saw them, but I can’t imagine anyone sitting in there and putting it off for that long!

Funnily enough, another couple of girls, possibly European, came up to me once I’d got to my platform and also asked me where the toilets were. They certainly weren’t in such a desperate state but they did look uncomfortable and quickly hurried off when I told them.

Another day, same place, and I saw a female conductor who’d just got off her train hurrying towards a ‘staff only’ door. Someone else who worked there looked like they were about to try to start a conversation, but she just said “sorry, I’m bursting for a wee”, hurried through the door, threw her bag down and presumably ran to the toilets. When she emerged a minute or two later, looking relieved, she told the full story to her colleague – she’d drunk a couple of large cups of coffee before getting on her train, deciding not to go to the toilet first, only to find that someone had been sick everywhere in the toilet on the train so it was pretty much unusuable, so she’d had to hold it for a good couple of hours whilst working.

So much potential…

