New Years public wetting... sort of

Author: HarryWetter

*000*2019-04-09 14:48

Hi all, it's been a while since I've posted anything. Call it being busy for the last few years. But now I'm looking to share some more and speak to people again

So this New Year's was fun. Went to a friends house, ordered pizza, played games, had some drinks. It was a fun evening. A lot of rum and coke and fruity ciders were drunk that night.

By 3am I was getting tired and decided to collect my things and walk home. We don't live too far from each other so it was a nice walk in the silence of the night. Music and fireworks had all finished by this time. The streets were cool and quiet.

I purposefully left my friends house needing to pee, since his parents were in bed and didn't want to possibly wake them flushing the toilet. My plan was to maybe go somewhere on the walk home. It didn't take long for my walk to become fidgety and uncomfortable.

Between our houses is a wooded footpath that runs through the middle of the estate, behind two street's worth of houses. I had already thought about going and peeing there. By the time I got there though, call it the drink but, I had the idea of somehow wetting. It was dark, nobody was around, the footpath was well hidden... Could I attempt my first public wetting?

I quite liked the jeans I was wearing so it was a dilemma. I walked into the treeline and looked around to make sure no one was looking out of their windows onto the footpath. It was well enclosed but the backs of the houses seemed closer than I though they'd be.

In the excitement I relaxed a bit and felt a warm shot of pee dribble down my boxers and down my right leg. I had already decided what I was going to do. I still had a way to walk so didn't want it obviously showing on my jeans just in case. I pulled them down all the way and squatted over the grass and mud. I hesitated but soon fully relaxed and felt the warm pee flood my crotch and boxers. It ran under my ass and what was first a patter of drops hitting the floor turned into a running tap. The silence of the early morning was disrupted by the faint pooling of the pee on the ground below me. It steamed slightly beneath me. My penis twinged as it let the pee flow. The whole event was thrilling. The realisation that I was fully exposed and defenceless if anyone saw me was unnerving but I was too busy in the moment.

When I finished I pulled my jeans back up and inspected any potential outside damage. There wasn't much but I knew the longer I was walking the more the wetness would show. They were black jeans so not too much but I would know. My boxers were also black so in the dark the only thing that gave them away was the glisten of pee.

I walked the short distance back to my house and nervously made my way indoors, locking the front door. Everyone was asleep so that was a bonus. I sighed a huge sigh of relief when I got back to my room. I'd made it.

That was my first major wetting of this year. It's difficult now I'm living back at home for the time being. Will do my best to update more when I get the chance to do more.

