Desperate morning

Author: Here4theFun

*000*2018-12-13 13:12

Like most mornings I woke up and went to my 8:30 uni class, I always get thirsty because of the walk and yesterday was no different. So I finished my bottle in that class and refilled it after. I had another class but my friends convinced me that since I had to leave early because of my driving lesson I should just ditch it and go have breakfast with them, so I sat with them for a while sipping some more water. I then took the bus home but had only time to change bags and left for the shared driving lesson my faithfull water bottle refilled again by my side. The other guy got first turn so I subscounciously kept drinking till it was mine. That's when I noticed I was a bit full, a 5, I could handle it and nearly two hours to go. Then we changed again and although my bladder was at like a 6 I was supper thirsty. By the time it was my turn again I had finished my bottle, had 900m inside of me and half an hour to drive and return home.

By then my bladder was at like a 7,5 , but luck wasn't on my side and we got into a trafic jam. I was really struggling but I had to keep my legs open and drive, so the best I could do was fidgeting. By the time we arrived I needed to pee badly but it was 2:20 and I had to go to uni at 2:30. So when I arrived home I went straight to having lunch, drinking even more water because I needed to pass the food. I could only take my bag and go to uni, hoping I would arrive with time to go to the bathroom.

I have to take the subway and then walk 10 mins to class, so it's a 30 mins jouney . I thought I would pee my jeans waiting for the subway. I was desperate the whold time, my bladder hard as a rock begging for release. The walk to uni was worse though, the bathrooms were so close yet it was cold and my bladder strugled to keep everything in. In the last traficc light I held myself as I felt some drops of pee managing to get out.

Finally I made it, but I was late to class. Still I knew I would pee myself if I didn't go , so I did.

Taking my bag, my coat and scarf on while in the stall was a struggle, and a bit of pee got out while doing so. But finally I managed to put down my jeans and damp panties and sit down. I was so desperate that even before sitting down properly my pee was already gushing out. It felt amazing, and I won't deny I was incredibly turned on afterwards, more so wearing my damp panties in class.

