Almost accident in class

Author: Here4theFun

*000*2019-10-11 22:24

Today I had a long day at uni. I left home at 11am and got back home at 8:30pm. Of course this happens every week, but I still haven't gotten used to this so it messes my bathroom schedule a lot. For reference I have kind of a habit formed where I go and pee four fixed times a day, and I can add more breaks to that, but those four are my main set breaks. One in the morning, one after lunch, one at 6pm and one before bed. I also got a new metal water container and it holds way more than the 500-350ml bottle I was used to.

I got my morning pee, had my breakfast and was off to uni, then had my first class, but it got extended by a few minutes so I passed my usual bathroom visit and went to eat with my friends in the cafeteria. I had drunk nearly all my bottle so I refilled it and ate my food. The thing is that I don't have the same classes as those friends so we ussualy catch up at lunch. Because of that I was nearly late to my first afternoon class and skipped my after lunch bathroom break. I spent that hour drinking unconsciously and very very full trapped in class.

Thankfully we had a 10 min break so I managed to make it to the bathroom, but I also refilled my bottle. Then we had another class, where I drunk half of my bottle again, and after that a 30min break. So I went for a coffee and a snack, then refilled the bottle again. Problem is I also skipped my 6pm bathroom break, so for my third class I was feeling fairly full.

Of course then we had another 10min break and guess what, even though I was quite full and again drunk 3/4 of my bottle I thought I didn't need to go. I felt confident in myself, after all I have a big bladder, holding another hour like this shouldn't be a problem, right?

Let me tell you, that last class was excruciating! My bladder felt bloated and very hard. I was crossing my legs, moving my foot and adjusting myself constantly. My bottle was nearly empty and only then I realized how much liquid I had inside. I was counting the minutes and barely could concentrate on the equations on the board. I felt ready to explode any minute.

By the time only five minutes of class were left I had everything in my bag except the sheet of paper with my notes and my pen. When the clock hit 8:05 I was ready to bolt downstairs for the bathroom, but the professor as usual requested us some minutes more to finish the problem. It was incredibly dissapointing as I was already envisioning release and yearning for the bathroom, so close yet so far. I was breathing deeply and regretting how much my tight skirt was pressing on my aching bladder as I crossed my legs and bounced on my seat. My bladder was obviously tired from holding after lunch and was now making me struggle to keep everything in.

Finally the man completed the problem five minutes later. I stuffed my paper in my bag, said a brief goodbye and nearly ran to the toilet. Once there I only had time to lift my skirt before I exploded, managing to move my thong out of the way too late. Relief has never felt sweeter.

Heading home slightly wet I guess was a lesson, although I doubt I will remember next week when I need to. I guess this year I'm going to be desperate a lot!

*002*2019-10-12 09:06

{{27 minutes ago, OwOmOsan said:

New routines mess everything up.

}}

Yeah

*006*2019-10-15 07:42

{{On 10/13/2019 at 2:20 PM, SilverLining said:

Great story! Hopefully you'll be able to figure out an appropriate bathroom schedule to avoid unexpected desperation or, you know, not

}}

I hope so, for now I'm just forgetting and getting super desperate on a regular basis

