Didn't Want to Bother Anyone

Author: Honey

*000*2016-08-11 05:45

I will try to remember and write out this as best as I can. This experience took place about a few months ago. I was having a movie marathon with my friend, Finn. This was the first time I'd ever gone to his apartment, and I was a bit nervous and fidgety.

The one thing I should mention about myself is that I have a very weak bladder, and Finn has an obsession with Coca-Cola. Now, I'm talking bottles, and bottle, and bottles. In turn, he always offers me some, which I obligingly drink. This applies to every time I hang out with Finn.

So there we were. A full day of movies, and popcorn, and of course – Coca-Cola. I was sipping on my water, Finn was drinking his Coke. I had drank one bottle, whereas he had drank 3, and still going strong. Now, I'm not quite sure if Finn has a bladder of steel, but he was completely fine. We were only halfway into the second movie when I started to feel it.

Pain. Right in my abdomen. I hoped it was just some sort of cramping, but deep down, I knew what it was. My bladder, telling me to go and take a piss. But I didn't want to bother Finn to ask where the bathroom was, as he seemed quite interested in the film. So I sat, rigid, with my thighs together and my hands in my lap, and I hoped that Finn would not notice anything different.

But he freakin did. He looked at me, with a bit of a concerned look.

"Are you ok?" he asked. "You look a bit sick." It was the perfect time to ask. He had paused the movie, I could've asked, and it would've been done. But no, I was simply to embarrassed to say something.

"Um, yeah, I'm fine. I'm just a bit lightheaded," I replied. That was a terrible mistake. You see, I have low blood pressure, which can often times make me lightheaded, dizzy, and sluggish. The fix for that is more sugar and iron. And you know what we had right there, that contains a lot of sugar? Coca-Cola.

Finn pulled a bottle from the case and handed it to me. "This'll make you feel better, right?"

"R-Right..." I took the bottle, cracked it open, and took a sip. He still looked at me expectantly. So I took another long sip. He was then satisfied, and turned back to watching the movie. Then that movie ended. So he put in another one.

I was in so much pain. In the past, I had fantasized about being in a scenario like this, but in those, it always ended up ok, and the other person got off on it. But this time, it was real, and I didn't know how Finn would react if I wet myself, right on his couch. I was shaking a bit, and it took so much of my energy to keep all the urine inside of me. I was tearing up, the pain was so bad.

I quickly glanced to Finn, and was relieved to see him invested in the film. I grabbed myself, and rubbed my thighs together. A spurt of pee left me, and I let out a small gasp. Luckily, the sound of the movie was turned on loud enough that Finn didn't hear me. I was tempted to check for a dark patch, but I realized that if I did, I would lose it completely. Instead, I tensed up and tried to keep the floodgates closed. Whenever a loud crash came on the tv, I let out a little whimper or whine, and everything was riding on my ability to ask where the toilet was after the film ended. It was almost over, at most 15 minutes left.

I tried to take deep breaths and calm down, and attempted to relax a bit. But we were at the climax of an action film, and while my eyes were closed and I tried to stay calm, a loud bang rang out from the speakers, making me jump and gasp.

It all came out. I grabbed myself, attenpting to stop the flow, but I couldn't. I could feel Finn looking at me, as anyone would if your friend was wetting themself in front you. I moaned, and sighed, and let out little noises and whimpers, as I tried my best to stop wetting myself. Eventually, I gave up, and relaxed, eyes closed, letting out a long, shaky breath as the urine hissed out of me, soaking my jeans. The stream must've lasted at least a minute, and by the time I was finished, I was panting.

I opened my eyes, and turned to look at Finn. He looked so shocked, and the moment my eyes met his, I looked away, biting my lip. In all my fantasies, the other person was turned on, and very open about it. But this was different. It was happening, and I was too embarrassed to even look at Finn. Tears began to build up in my eyes, and I let out a soft whimper.

Finn stood up, and cleared his throat. "I-It's ok, you know. Everybody has accidents," he said awkwardly. "Why didn't you just me where the bathroom was, though?"

It took so much of my energy to respond. "I just," I said, my voice quivering, "didn't want to bother you." Finn sighed.

"You wouldn't have been bothering me. If anything, you would've been helping me, by saving me the trouble of cleaning my couch," he said with a small laugh.

"Yeah, um... I'm sorry about that," I replied, my voice so small.

"You know what, don't worry about. Sorry I didn't notice, I could've done something. I mean, I know you're shy, but I didn't think you were this shy... Especially since we've been friends for so long. Whatever, let's just get you cleaned up, ok?"

I nodded, and I stood up. My pants were dripping with pee, and the liquid had pooled on top of the couch cushion. Thankfully, the couch was the weird, leathery material, so the urine just dripped off. We began to clean up everything, and I was still kind of shaken. He's cleaning up my pee! It's like he doesn't even care! I thought, my cheeks growing even more red.

After we cleaned everything up, I washed off my legs, and Finn (of course, realizing it would be a bit humiliating for me to wear my urine-soaked pants out, and get on the bus in them) gave me a pair of his jeans. Though, they didn't fit at all, as he's 6'2" and I'm 5'2". I had to roll them up several times, and they keep falling down, so Finn had to give me a belt as well.

I stuffed my wet pants into my bag, and said goodbye to Finn. Whilst I wet myself, we did get to do finish all three movies, though I didn't do much watching.

So, that's the story of my first (of many) wetting experiences in front of people. I'm not sure if Finn thought it was hot, or was turned on, like the other person always is in my fantasies, but I could have sworn that his pants were tight around the crotch region.

