Giving up control

Author: Here4theFun

*000*2019-02-27 01:16

This happened about a year and a half ago. I met someone on reddit who offered to control my bladder, the story bellow is the second time I did this with him, let's call him H.

H and I talked trough kik and we both agreed that on that day he would controll my bladder since I woke up and make me hold as much as posible.

I woke up at 7:30, thet first thing I did was send H a text, he was awake, as I already informed him the day before, and proceded to deny me my morning pee. I had milk and cereal for breakfast and then left to go to uni a bit full.

I had classes from 8:30 to 12:30 am that day, which was a great incentive to not wet myself. To make matters worse I wore normal panties and grey fitted jeans.

M was working and couldn't be on all the time so just in case he instructed me to drink a whole watter bottle (330 ml) during each class.

First class I complied and my need stayed manageable, then came recess and I had to refill. Second class was harder, I strugled with finishing my water and holding on as I was quite full. To make matters worse H had a bit of a slow day and kept taunting me on how I would wet myself in front of everyone or how my friends would notice my obvious need, or worse see what I was doing with my phone during class ( thankfully my friends barely know english but who knows). He also told me that during a half an hour recess I would have to drink half a bottle of water.

So there I was in the ladys bathroom waiting for my friends who were allowed to pee freely with a bursting bladder, refilling my bottle and horny as hell.

I did drink half a bottle, refilled and went to class, my last one. I was barely holding by and I had an hour to look forward to on the front row and a full watter bottle, 10 minutes in I knew I would not make it. H told me to hold on as I pleaded to be able to go to the bathroom, he said he had some quick bussines to attend to and made me wait another 10 minutes before coming back. My bladder was hard as a rock and I was receiving odd looks from my friends, I even had to hold my crotch while I waited!

When H came back he offered me a deal, I wouldn't be allowed to go untill another 10 mins passed and only if I had drunk all my water, then we would talk on the bathroom. I accepted as quickly as I could. Drinking an entire water bottle while being filled to the brim was too much, I sipped while fidgetting as much as I could get away with which wasn't much. I felt as if everyone was watching and waiting to see if I would wet myself or finish that water bottle, whichever came first.

I finished the watter and waited the two minutes I had left in pure agony. When I recieved the okay and the profesor being coincidentally concerned with another student made my daring escape quite easy. But the torture was not over.

I got inside the stall (they are like tiny rooms, so total privacy) and texted H. I begged again to be allowed to pee, I told him how full I was and how I was so near wetting myself! He told me to sit on the toilet bare with my legs open, I would be allowed 5 seconds of peeing if I could wait 30 seconds. I remember sitting there holding my pussy and thinking how I wanted to just masturbate just then and there, I said as much toas him. H found it funny I guess and after the 30 secs he allowed me my 5 secs of pee, no wiping he said.

I felt so betrayed when for the first two seconds only a small tricke got out! But so relieved at the same time... Closing the damn was harder than expected, with a titanic effort I stoped peeing and was left still with an enormous pressure on my bladder and the fact that if I just let go it would be all over and feel amazing. I pleaded H to let me pee a bit more, I woudn't make it home dry if he didn't let me pee a bit more! H said the point never was making it home dry but he understood and was willing to compromise. I was desperate and very very turned on, I would have agreed to almost anything that could bring my poor bladder some relief.

H decided that if I wanted some relief I would have to do it with my panties on, he instructed to edge myself a bit and then pee 10 seconds. I did just as told, felt so naughty but so good. My panties were quite wet at the end from both activities and H told me that I would be allowed to dry them a bit if I just touched myself over them . Again I obeyed. I dried them enough not to wet my jeans and went back to class.

That whole bathroom experience wasn't longer than 3 minutes and by the time I returned the profesor was still bussy and didn't care. I seated myself besides my friends and just told them I couldn't hold it anymore. They were very sympathetic and just laughed it off while I sat there still very very horny and with my wet panties for the 30 mins left of class and another 30 of public transport.

H finally allowed me to go at home and only if I wore my panties while I peed making me stop every 10 seconds as punishment.

It was great!

*004*2019-02-27 10:34

{{2 hours ago, huberp76 said:

Great story, thank you for sharing it. Did you have more experiences like this?

}}

I sure did hahaha

{{7 hours ago, mad the cat said:

Oh wow. That was an absolutely fantastic story. Really great read and a huge fantasy of mine to try something like that myself. Thank you for sharing this wonderful experience! 😊

}}

I am glad you enjoyed it! And I hope you get to experience something similar with someone who is right for the task hahaha

*010*2019-02-28 23:35

{{5 hours ago, wettingman said:

Outstanding story of prolonged desperation It was very exciting.

Am I correct the only thing that got wet was your panties and and only when you were allowed to pee , no accidental leaks?

Your bladder control is amazing.

}}

Yeah, for better of for worse my bladder is strong af, all or nothing for me hahaha

{{1 hour ago, RagingPython said:

I honestly don’t understand this at all. Why would something like this be enjoyable in any way!?

}}

Because it's fun, thrilling and safe. Like at any moment I could have got up and have gone to the bathroom, but I like the feeling of holding and not having to think, so giving up controll is fun in that sense.

I guess everyone enjoys different things.

*014*2019-03-01 21:18

{{9 hours ago, mad the cat said:

If you're into holding and you're in a safe environment (even if it's a little bit daring) that you can take control of any time you wanted, I think it can be a lot of fun to have someone participate and let them decide on how to hold it. It's just another way of sharing what you enjoy with someone who also enjoys it. As long as it's completely consensual and you know that you could theoretically stop at any time if you didn't feel comfortable doing it anymore I really don't see a problem here.

}}

Couldn't have explained it better hahaha

*018*2019-03-03 00:49

{{10 hours ago, Golden Queen said:

I've always had fantasies about this, but never really got the chance do it. It's always much harder to hold when someone is teasing you, and a lot more arousing.

}}

Well it's great to do it so I hope that if you decide to try you enkoy it as mufh as me hahaha

*020*2019-03-10 01:46

{{On 3/4/2019 at 4:44 PM, wettingman said:

Like I said though if you want me to hold it I will do everything in my power to do so for as long as possible.

This is just me though, whatever you enjoy is fine.

}}

Exactly hahaha

Still I found that holding by myself unless I am in the mindset can be quite hard. You must be super strong willed to do that ! So yeah, mad respect.

*022*2019-03-31 14:13

{{On 3/29/2019 at 11:53 PM, MrMakeherWait said:

This H sounds like a very lucky fellow. 🙂

}}

He certainly was hahaha me too as then I was quite new to the scene and he helped me a lot 😂

