Holiday Roadtrip

Author: hippochick

*000*2010-12-28 03:20

This is a personal experience, but I have changed all the names.

On the long yearly trip to see family for the Holidays, Polly, having just awoken, wiped the sleep from her eyes and sat cross legged in the back of her Dad’s pick-up truck. Her thin frame built by a lifetime of dance classes was beauty by any standard with her shoulder-length blonde curls and blue eyes. Dance was the 15 year olds passion. Her mother was seated in the passenger seat and her brother, just a year older than her was still asleep beside her with his head rested on the window. The Brown Family had been on the road all night (approx. 8 hours). It was now five minutes ‘til eight.

“When are we going to stop for breakfast?” Polly asked with slight desperation, but quiet enough not to wake her brother.

“Soon,” her father assured her.

Polly was uneasy with this answer. “What did that mean? How long is soon?” Not 10 minutes later Polly’s brother was awakened by Polly’s bouncing legs jarring the seat beneath them.

“You okay?” he asked.

“Y-yeah, I’m f-fine” she responded as she shifted positions , her voice stuttered in pain, and one hand slid down taking its place between her thin, muscular legs to ease her obvious discomfort.

Her mother looked to the backseat and saw her daughter’s predicament. “Oh, I knew we should have woken you up when we stopped, but you were sleeping so soundly,” she said and tells her husband “We have to stop NOW!”

Polly, now bouncing and rocking back and forth, uncontrollably fought to retain control of the 24oz. Pepsi she had drunken before going to sleep. The empty bottle lying on the floor tempted her, but she couldn’t dare in front of her brother. The pressure continued to build in her lower abdomen. Just when she thought she could take no more, the urge would get worse.

Suddenly, a gasp arose from her lips and she sat up straight. A dark spot lay between her legs; she was losing control. The realization set in that she wasn’t going to make it and she started to tear up.

Polly hadn’t noticed that they were no longer on the interstate and actually in the parking lot of a decently nice gas station due to her desperation disillusionment. They parked and Polly snapped back into reality; there may be a chance she could make it. Her mother had to get out before her daughter and quickly did so. Polly tried to follow but as she stood up a squirt escaped. She fell back onto the seat and regained control. Her mother was now able to see the wet spot that she and her brother already knew existed.

“I-I can’t move” Polly said with both hands clenched between her legs trying to stop from losing it all right there.

“It’s Okay Polly, I’ll help you get cleaned up, just get out of the truck or you will be in a wet seat for the next 3 hours”

Polly grabbed her mom’s hand with one hand, the other still jammed into her crotch as she hopped out of the truck. Another squirt escaped, but she was able to briefly cease the flow. She walked a few steps, crossing leg over leg, but it was all in vain. She peed freely unable to stop it on the sidewalk leading to the gas station convenience store. Her sweatpants absorbed a lot, but a trickle dripped out from both ankles.

She had just wet herself outside of a convenience store in December. The warm pee quickly turned frigid against her skin. Her mother dug through the luggage in the back of the pick-up and found her a clean pair of clothes to put on.

Polly did finally make it to the restroom. This was the worst part of the entire experience. She walked through the convenience store with pants soaked down to her ankles with smelly urine so everyone knew what she had done. She felted as if everyone’s eyes were glued to her as she made her way to the bathroom to wash off and change clothes.

