The Best and The Worst Part 2

Author: Hedonist

*000*2017-10-04 05:21

"I'm looking forward to it. I owe you a lot, thank you." I said to her as I started to remove my pee and cum soaked boxers. Jen starts the shower, her skin was like porcelain to me. Not a blemish on her body. Just some cute freckles here and there. She moved the curtain to put her hand in to test the water temperature. Once her hand hit the water, her small nipples instantly got erect. They reminded me of how Naomi Watts looked in Mulholland Drive. While adjusting the hot/cold shower handles, she asks me, "Why is that?" with a devilish smile.

"Because..." I cut myself off, and followed her into the shower. Every thing was seamless in the way we shared the shower. Knowing by instinct when to change places to get under the shower head, soaping up the scrungies, taking turns cleaning each other. Like we've been doing this forever together. We were thorough. I got down on my knees and licked her. She was trim but not shaved. Reddish blonde hair. Tasted amazing. Pineapples and strawberries come to mind. Jen kept her leg up on the side of the tub while I worshipped her. She exploded in my mouth shortly after. Thankfully she did, I'm not the greatest tongue artist, but when you're passionate about something... "I was really worked up after feeling you let go in my hand.." she explained.

We towel dried each other and walked back to her bedroom. She had the California King pillow-top with a fluffy down feathered comforter that I could tell she fancied a lot. Jennifer then jumped on her bed and sprawled out on her stomach arching her back. I rolled next to her and we continued to kiss and smile. "Let me get you a pair of shorts to wear, I have a pair that I play basketball in once in a blue moon." Jen tells me as she hops out of bed. I roll to my back and stare at the ceiling. Just floating in space. Cloud nine. It takes a while, and she's not back yet.

I get up to check on her, "Strawberry Lady? Where did you go?" I ask. "Stay there, I'm finding something..." I roll back onto the bed like a good boy and wait for her. Another minute she enters the room with a black trash bag and a huge beaming smile on her face. "Here's the shorts." She throws them over to me. Blue netted, old school gym shorts. I slide them on. "Okay, you got me. What's in the bag, beautiful?" Jen opens the bag and tells me a short story, "You think you're different, right? Well..okay this is weird." She starts to clam up. "No, go on. Please.." I beg to her. "Well, I've collected every pair of panties that I could since I was 14, and....I like to be punished in them. I love panties, and I love to get in trouble."

"Wow... May I please pick out a pair for you?" I ask politely as I give her a kiss on the cheek and stroke her blonde hair with my fingers.

Jennifer leans the bag over to me with stars in her eyes. An assortment of every color, style, and fabric. I was easily lost going through the top part, and I didn't want to waste too much time deciding. She's ridiculously sexy to me, and I must make her squirt all over this bed. This means war. I may have lost it back there big time before the shower, but this is a second chance. "This isn't weird to you?" She asks me in an almost unsure manner.

I answer with the obvious, "Absolutely not, Jen. I mean, how could it be compared to someone that gets off in his shorts after peeing in them?"

"Haha..you're right, dirty boy." She playfully slaps me across the face. After the love slap I decided on which pair. A dark green pair of a satin material. "Oh...my Victoria's Secret Hi-Cut Rio satin.." She describes. "I bought these with my first check, I was 17. They're one of my favorites." She takes the panties, smells them first, and then slowly slides them up her creamy cheerleader legs.

"You slapped your Daddy across the face?!? You really crossed the line this time, baby girl." I declare as I pin her arms to the bed and slowly kiss down her chest to her panties. She quivers a little when I put my lips on them. "Ugh...the fabric.." She lightly moans. "It's making my little pussy wet. I don't want to mess my panties and stain them..." She explains looking worried. "You better not stain these panties. You know how much they cost me.." I give her a short light but firm slaps on her bubble butt. I admit, the satin feels good to the touch. When I kissed her down there, her little bush felt heavenly underneath them.

"Noo! Spanking makes it worse. See?" Jennifer then takes my hand and puts it on her crotch. She red hot, and I can feel that the panties are soaked. I look down with her to see if there's a wet spot. Sure enough there was a big one. "Great...now look at what you did? They're stained now." Jen looks at me shocked and excited. She puts her arms around me, hugs, and kisses me deep. "Baby, I have to do this now, and I don't want to.." I explain to her softly. "I know, I did it to myself. I'm my own worst enemy. But first, I need to go to the bathroom.."

"Nope." I wrap around her body and force her over my lap, "You're not allowed. You struck your Daddy, and your sweet little pussy ruined these panties that I bought you for school."

I strike her hard with the first spank. Have to let her know this is serious. Jen fidgets and can feel how hard I am under the gym shorts. She yelled out, "Owww!! Mmmm...I can feel you down there...I love it." She reaches for me, but I catch her hand and put it back to her side. "Oh no, you're not allowed to touch me until this is over and you learned your lesson." I start going steady, regular force. I can see that her butt is starting to get pink. So, I pull her panties down the back side but not off just to look, and spank some more till I feel her skin get warm. Then I slid them back up over her butt. I start to feel this warm sensation, but it's not from where I expected. Jennifer starts to shake hard, and moves her hand down to her crotch. 

Once again I catch her arm and put it back to her side. "Nooo...I can't stop it." She exhales in one breath. Each spank was a spurt, each time more than the last. "Stop it! You're peeing in your panties!" I snap at her. Jen then turns her head and looks at me, and I feel everything she let out. The sound of it, the feeling of her warm pee going into my lap. She closes her eyes and strains to get every drop out. We laid there in euphoria for a moment while I petted her wet bottom. "Thank you, Daddy.." She whispers to me.

It's around 4 am. Six hours sure flew by. I wish it never ended. Like Groundhog's Day with Bill Murray, just let this re-live over and over. I scoop Jennifer up into my arms, her soaked crotch still dripping on the floor. Her face was relieved, exasperated, and just gorgeous. As I carried her, I gave her a kiss on her forehead. "Now I'm going to have to clean you up. I hope you didn't waste all of your juice for just your bed and panties."

*002*2017-10-04 17:08

They're real experiences. Of course, romanticized for a written format like any other story. Who can truly judge what is real and what isn't around here? I won't. All I know is that I'm happy to have written these out. Whether they're accepted or not for popularity is no concern of mine.

*003*2017-10-04 19:48

If I were a female profile, this would've had at least six up-votes and the usual, "Very well written" and "Looking forward to reading some more". lmfao. It doesn't matter.

*006*2017-10-05 01:36

{{1 hour ago, Miles255 said:

I mean this statement is definitely false. I'm pretty sure I've seen multiple women called out for untrue stories. That being said, you're right, it doesn't matter. Don't worry too much about it. The story is honestly not that unbelievable.

}}

I shouldn't have been judgemental. I'm fairly new to the group in a contributing fashion. So, I'm going to take your advice on that. Thanks for replying.

