On the bus ride home

Author: HeyItsSato

*000*2012-01-25 03:40

This story goes back to when I was in seventh grade, 13 years old. Hope you guys like it. Of course, I didn't when it happened, but now I'm just glad i can share the story with people who like to hear about these things like I do.

The day started off like any other day, I woke up, got ready for school and headed there. The one thing different about that morning's routine though was the fact I didn't feel the need to pee that morning. I wondered why that was on my way to school, but didn't think too much of it. The school day went on pretty normally as well, got my work done and was able to stay focused in class. Everything was normal until around lunch time, when I started to pay for not just trying to pee that morning. As I ate lunch, I slowly started to feel the urge for the first time that day, but I figured it could wait until later. I just ate lunch with my friends and carried on. My class had the late lunch that day, meaning that we only had one class left after we got to eat.

I usually liked this, seeing as how most of the teachers were a bit relaxed at this time, but today was different because I had English for the last class. Once lunch was over, I headed back to class, and went through the doorway into the classroom. I specifically remember this moment because combined with that was a sudden shiver, the shiver making me need to pee much more urgently now, but I knew how my teacher worked. She was one of those "You had time during lunch" types, so I figured I wouldn't be going anywhere for a while. This was proven to me when someone in the class asked to go, but was denied. I tried to rationalize it with myself for a while though, trying to tell myself that it wasn't that bad.

Well, halfway through the class I realized that it was that bad. I asked the teacher if i could go, but she gave me a carbon copy of the answer she gave the kid before me, so i was made to sit and wait until class was over. The rest of the period was pretty tough, but being able to sit helped a lot. I didn't exactly have the most private seat in class though, so trying to hold myself or anything like that was out of the question. By the time the bell rang, I was already up and almost out of the classroom, rushing to my locker to get my things ready and head home. I knew I wouldn't have time to go now, since my bus was always the first one to leave the school. Because of this, I was rushing even more now, trying to get used to the fact that I'd have to make it until I got home.

I darted down the stairs and out of the school, heading to the school bus and getting inside. Looking around, I sat in the first seat I could find, and was happy to know that no one would sit next to me. I wasn't a loser or anything, but none of my friends took the bus home with me. I sat next to the window and put my bag up next to me, guarding my lap area from any watchful eyes. I did this so that no one would see me holding my pants tightly, trying to hold it for as long as I could. At this point, it wasn't even that strong, ancy urge one usually gets when in this type of emergency. It was now just a dull pain in my lower stomach, along with the slight urging feeling a bit lower.

When it started to hurt, I knew I wasn't going to make it, but had to try as best I could. A few stops went by, until finally We came to the one just before mine. I squirmed a bit into my seat until I finally hunched over, knowing my efforts were about to amount to nothing. I felt my muscles relax a little bit, uncontrollably releasing into my pants. I tried to hold back my stream as best I could, but I would only be able to completely let myself stop once I'd let out about half of what I'd been holding in all day. At this point, there was a large stain on my crotch, following all the way down both my legs and going a bit behind to my butt.

After letting that much out, the pain felt worse when trying to keep in the rest. I saw that my stop had come, so I just grabbed my bag and rushed out as fast as I could. No one seemed to say anything on my way out, but that wouldn't be for long. I managed to run home as fast I could, being able to get the rest out safely in the bathroom. After changing my clothes and explaining to my mom what happened, I tried to just forget about it. But... I discovered the next day that 7th grade wasn't that forgiving. I ended up not living it down for about a month or so, but everyone got over it eventually, including me. I'm just glad I didn't get SO over it that I forgot all about it and was left unable to share the experience. ;)

