Desperate day on the job

Author: holding_king

*000*2021-03-20 20:16

Hey guys! I’m not new here but this is my first time writing. I thought I’d share a quick story of how my work day went the other day.

Okay, It is actually very rare I get desperate on the job, I like to remain as professional as possible, but yesterday, things happened that were just beyond my control.

Okay, so it’s the typical start to an omorashi story I had woken up late and didn’t have my morning pee, I just didn’t need to go. I left to a jobsite an hour drive away, I stopped at the drive through to pick up a coffee to sip on the way. By the time I arrived I already needed to pee, not bad, but I could feel a twinge in my bladder. The bathrooms were on the other side of the site so I knew it could wait till I get a couple of my jobs taken care of.

An hour and a half later, it had just stopped raining but now the winds were picking up, I had three of my four jobs there done. Okay, I’ll run off to the bathroom then come back and finish up here. As I was driving to the bathroom I was stopped by the site supervisor who told me I had to leave immediately, the site was shut down for high winds, safety issue.

Fuck, now I really need to pee. So I left and was sitting on the side of the road waiting to hear if they will open up soon. No such luck. Half hour goes by I decided to hit a fast food place for some breakfast and a pee. It’s too early, only the drive through was open, I ordered a sandwich, hash browns and a coffee. I shouldn’t have but it was early and cold, i needed something to warm up, it’s not like I was going to have to hold it much longer anyway right?

I was sitting in the parking lot eating and sipping my coffee when the call came, an urgent job on the other side of town 50 minutes away! Almost all freeway, then in an industrial area. My bladder is already hard to the touch and now I have to drive an hour just bursting for a wee.

Now I’m almost there, two blocks away and, construction, 20 extra minutes waiting to get through that! I would have pulled my cock out and peed in my empty cup except for the construction crew and traffic flaggers would be able to see through the windows. I’m bursting! I’ve got my belt and jeans undone under my coveralls and I’ve got a death grip on my dick!

Finally, I made it on site and pulled up to their head office where the bathrooms are only to find it closed to outside contractors, damn COVID rules. The only thing I could do is to go to my job and try to fix it as quick as possible to leave and find somewhere to pull over and pee, which I knew was going to be impossible, the closest restaurant is like ten minutes away, ten minutes I didn’t have.

I couldn’t stand still working on this thing, I was hoping foot to foot doing the stereotypical pee dance. I bent down to pick up something I had dropped when it happened. My bladder just contracted an I leaked, a couple second stream!

Screw it! I can’t wait anymore! I reached in the truck for the empty coffee cup, jumped in the back and shut the doors. It was a few frantic seconds of fumbling around, but eventually I got my dick pointed in the cup and I let loose!

Ah! After what seemed like only a few seconds, that cup was full! I pinched off the flow and had to wait a minute until I felt I could let go without pissing myself. Then I opened the door, making sure nobody was around and discreetly poured my pee on the dirt ground.

Finally, I was able to hop back in the truck and finish what I started, I was able to just about fill that large coffee cup to the brim again!

Just as I was zipping my jeans up another contractor pulled up next to me to work on his part of this job, so I couldn’t empty my pee cup!!

The rest of the day was uneventful, but I couldn’t help laughing on my drive back having a cup full of pee in the cupholder next to me!

So that was my first crack at writing a story, I hope you liked it!

Cheers!

