Updating my recorded capacity!

Author: Here4theFun

*000*2024-11-10 18:20

Yesterday I decided to measure my capacity, hoping to beat my last record of 1,15 mL.

As such I started by drinking a cup of tea and then a glass of water before going on an hour long walk with my dog. After feeding him it was time to stand on business, thus I got myself a bottle of 600 mL of water and a full glass of lemonade. Meanwhile I passed the time looking at twitter and playing Fortnite hoping to keep my mind off the increasing need. By the time I was done I had logged 1,75 L but my mind was set. My objective was drinking 3 L which would not surpass my record of 3,5 L but would get quite close.

With my bottle refiled and another match about to happen I kept on going, now keenly aware of my need. My leg wouldn't stop moving during those minutes until I lost the match because my concentration was definitely elsewhere. By the time I was done it had been around 2 hours and a half, and 2,35 L consumed.

Refilling turned to be torturing enough, so I took to walking around the house and having some garlic bread (because it's important to do so while holding). Between myself and my goal only stood two glasses of water, one full to the brim and properly measured to get to those 350 mL.

But just to spice the hold up a bit I decided that bursting as I was it was time to write the measurements in the bottle I was going to use (A 1,5L Nestea one which you will see bellow). This consisted on filling my measuring container with water and pouring it in, writing with a sharpy and repeating the process until it was all set.

By then I was really struggling, bouncing up and down and crossing my legs. To be honest I chugged the last glass desperately to be able to reach my 3 L goal.

Afterwards it was just a matter of waiting, I told myself I had to at least wait 10 mins before I allowed myself to even consider peeing (despite being quite aware that I was close to losing it which I couldn't fight against), since I wanted my body to at least have a chance to start filtering that water. So, since I needed to pass the time, I decided to take pictures with my bloated bladder. Getting out of my pyjama pants was a relief, putting on the leggings I Intended to use in the pictures not as much. Regardless it was very exciting seeing my bladder bulge get so big, since usually it doesn't get to that size.

When the ten minutes passed I took my leggings off and before I could get my panties off I felt a spurt! This is unheard of for me, since I don't usually leak, so it was quite exciting! What's better, after I managed to get those off, grab the bottle and crouch I spurted again just by that movement.

But my journey wouldn't end there. Once I managed to get the bottle properly situated I could only pee 500 mL before my poor peehole shut close. No amount of coaxing would get it to relax for at least a minute despite my bladder still being super full. This would happen multiple times, where I'd pee with extreme force until my stream would be suddenly interrupted and I had to sit down relax and try again. Around the 1L mark relaxing became harder, but since I was in the shower, and to be fair my legs and the shower floor had pee all over them I reckoned trying to coax the last remnants of pee outside with the sound and feel of running water was a good idea. It had an incredible effect on me, the moment I felt warm water hit my feet the desperation came back full force, and I had just enough time to turn the water off and grab the bottle before I was finally fully emptying myself.

In the end I made it to 1,3 L (+ all the shower floor spurts), surpasing my previous recorded capacity. Bellow I leave you a pic of my bottle and a before and after picture (I didn't want to show myself, so I decided to trace my figure over the original pic and leave the real bottle visible).

&&

&&

*003*2024-11-10 21:51

{{3 hours ago, Marco said:

Very nice, congratulations!

Why having some garlic bread?

}}

It's important to eat something and replenish minerals and salts your body loses if you only drink water. Water intoxication is not a joke and I prefer to be safe 😊👍

*010*2024-11-12 15:37

{{21 hours ago, Biku said:

Were the pyjama pants squeezing you too hard?

(also, what were the panties for this?)

}}

Yup they have an elastic at the waist area, so it was a bit of a struggle 😅

(Beige with brown stars)

*015*2024-11-16 02:56

{{On 11/14/2024 at 5:09 PM, sha said:

3L goal is super crazy. u r making some progress, but damn.

Also, this is very personal, just wanna ask how old are you? cuz if u r in your late 30, its most unlikely for u to make it..

}}

Honestly I love filling up and being desperate, my record is 3,5L over more than 4h, it was an amazing experience. Thankfully I have still time since I haven't reached 30 yet 🙂

