Some recent omo dreams and reflections on them

Author: Hailey_Eros

*000*2023-07-02 04:36

I’ve had a couple of kinda cool omo dreams recently which I thought would be interesting to share. I’ve noticed that I tend to have more omo-related dreams when omo isn’t something I don’t pay as much attention to for a while, as if my subconscious is telling me that this a part of who I am and I need to do something about it, so here I am.

I had two different omo dreams in the same night. In the first one I was wearing a diaper, (something I’ve never done irl as an adult) It was a pullup actually, with a colorful stripe pattern on it that was pretty cute. I was really desperate, as in trying not to leak because I was so desperate but I was thinking that I wanted to hold my bladder as long as I possibly could. I eventually ended up leaking a couple spurts into the pullup which felt really good but I was determined to keep holding.

Then I got onto this bus which was made specifically for omo purposes, it had absorbent seats and everyone else on the bus was also really desperate. I ended up leaking a couple of spurts on the bus seat. At this point in the dream I wasn’t wearing the pullup anymore, I think I was wearing jeans but for some reason when I leaked the leaks just went straight through my jeans and underwear without really getting them wet and straight onto the seat but I managed to keep the rest in for the remainder of the journey. I got off of the bus near a dock and felt less desperate. That’s when I woke up. I was a bit wet but not with pee. I did have to pee, although much less than I did in my dream. Since it was still early in the morning, I got up and used the toilet and then went back to bed and fell back asleep fairly quickly.

When I fell back asleep, I had a dream that I was on a small boat by myself in Greece. I had some clothes with me and I guess somehow I changed clothes while on a small boat, although I have no idea how. I ended up wearing something which looked like a regular lace thong but the inside of it felt like absorbent fabric similar to period underwear and I was also wearing leggings which were made of some sort of absorbent and moisture-wicking fabric. I was feeling all relaxed and drinking water and taking in all the beautiful architecture, I was paddling the boat from time to time and some of the time I’d just stop paddling and the boat would just float.

I wasn’t concerned with where I was going or nor did I have any place to be, I was just relaxed and floating and listening to the sound of the water against the boat. The sound of water started to make me feel like I had to pee and I also felt the water I was drinking catch up to my bladder, my need gradually increased but I just stayed all relaxed in my boat and tried to hold it and the more my need increased the more excited I started to feel until I got to the point of being really desperate and trying not to leak again. Eventually, I did leak a couple of spurts again which you could kind of see on the outside of leggings (I guess they weren’t all that absorbent after all) but kept holding. When I woke up it was a couple of hours later and I definitely had to pee a lot more than before and was more wet (again, not with pee) and felt pretty horny. I did have get started with my day at by that time though, so I didn’t get much of a chance to enjoy it unfortunately.

This isn’t the first dream I’ve had a dream about wearing or using a diaper either. I’m thinking I might do another post about some other diaper-related dreams I had. I know that I’m for sure into other people wearing and using diapers but it isn’t something I’ve wanted to do personally. It's definitely something very far out of my comfort zone for sure, not to mention that practically wouldn’t work very well for me - at least right now. However, while thinking about this I had a memory from when I was about six or seven of finding a random extra pullups in my house and trying them on a few times although I never used them. This was far passed the age that I had stopped wearing them too which I find kind of interesting. I have been trying to explore my sexuality more recently though, so who knows what exactly I might try.

