My friend Emily

Author: holding-myself

*000*2022-01-03 08:54

I had a friend in high school whom I'll call her Emily here. She was rather tall, blonde, a little bit chubby but with a fair face. And she seemed to have the bladder of a horse.

She rarely went to the school toilet at all. Once she told me that she normally pees only three times a day: in the morning, after school and in the evening. On one occasion while we were sitting next to each other in the classroom during a lesson she whispered to me:

"I need to pee."

I took a look at my watch and answered:

"Twenty minutes left until break."

But she replied:

"No it's OK. I can hold it until I get home after school."

At that time there were more than two hours left before school was out. But she also had an amazing self control. She hardly ever showed any sign of desperation. The only thing she would do was crossing her legs. Even on a school trip when we were traveling on a bus and she had to pee so badly that it hurt, she just sat there with her legs tightly crossed, but she never squirmed or held herself.

There was only on occasion where she seemed to be in real distress. I was visiting her at home and we were hanging around in the living room in the afternoon after school, when she suddenly made a dash towards the bathroom. I guess she had been holding it all day again. To my surprise she returned in the next second and asked me to help her because her belt was stuck. She was wearing tight, light blue jeans and the belt was so tensed that the buckle was jammed. It must really have been pressing on her bladder. To get it open I first had to pull it even tighter and thereby loosen the buckle, which put additional pressure on Emily's bladder. But even the she kept control and did not even leak.

After we had finished school we lost contact, so there's nothing more to tell.

*002*2022-02-14 14:14

{{On 2/6/2022 at 11:52 AM, New_Macca said:

So did she just wait those last two hours without showing any signs of need?

}}

In deed, there was no hint you could tell from.

{{On 2/6/2022 at 11:52 AM, New_Macca said:

When you had to help her with her belt did you hear her release as imagine it would be huge after such a long wait

}}

No, I stayed on the other room and didn't hear anything like that.

*004*2022-06-22 03:48

She was morning a little anyway

