More assorted experiences and observations

Author: homeanddry

*000*2017-03-25 20:47

I’ve been meaning to update my earlier thread of ‘short stories’

For quite a while now, and haven’t got around to it yet. Here goes, then, in a new thread to avoid dragging an old one out from the depths (feel free to have a read and drag it out yourself though, if you wish!), a collection of quick little ‘sightings’…

One from a couple of days (in the same week) at work, firstly. I found myself working alongside the same girl a few times that week – each time, she had to do her thing before I could go off and do my job. Interestingly, they don’t get proper breaks during their working day – they’re expected to find time to do what they do in gaps in their workload.

Now, on this first day, things were going really quite wrong which meant that the girl in question (and her colleagues in the same grade) would have been spending more time than normal hanging around waiting for things to happen, not really being able to nip off for a quick break whilst doing so and not having those ‘gaps’ where they’d normally expect them. This time, I was waiting for her, when finally she quickly walked across and apologised (not that I mind being paid to sit and wait!), saying that she “was on the loo when they shouted on the radio”. I said that it was fair enough, and that it was probably better than risking a crisis of some sort! She agreed, and told me about a time earlier in the day (also when things were going wrong) when she was “bursting for a wee”, and had to run to the toilet when she finally got chance – but still “nearly had an accident”.

It was only a couple of days later that I worked with her again briefly. I wasn’t really rushing to get set up to do what I had to do, so I was surprised to find her waiting for me as I turned away from one piece of kit. I commented on how quick she’d been, to which she replied “yes, because I really need a wee!”. Fortunately (for her), there wasn’t any more hanging around before I could leave her, but she didn’t seem overly troubled by her need!

There was one other time, quite a few weeks earlier, when a few of us were in the room where we take our breaks – but, this week, our toilets were closed off for refurbishment, meaning that we all had to use the ‘customer’ toilets instead, something like 80 yards away. This same girl came into the room, apparently with just a couple of minutes before she had to go out again to do something else. She stood at the end of the table talking to us for a few seconds, before stopping, bending forward slightly and half leaning on the table, and asking us whether she “should go to the loo or not, because I really need to, but it’s too far away”. She thought about it for a few seconds (because no-one else really knew what to say!) before deciding that maybe she really ought to, and walking briskly off to do just that.

Standing on the railway station in the nearby city, quite late in the evening as people were waiting for the last handful of departures for the day, there were a group of people gathered around a little wooden table just along from me. They’d obviously been out drinking in the city, and had come to catch their last train home. I noticed that one of the women in the group was standing really awkwardly, bending forward slightly, shuffling around on the spot and looking generally pained.

After a while, she moved towards the wooden table and said something to the person sitting on the end of one of the little benches surrounding it; he moved along slightly so that the woman could sit down too, which she quickly did. I guess that standing up was getting just a little bit too uncomfortable! She continued to look quite pained though, and continued to sit with her hands resting on her upper thighs - but pressed down between them slightly too – until the doors were opened and she was able to board the train and (presumably) use the toilet on there.

Whilst this was going on, a couple of girls ran down the platform towards the same train, stopped and then ran back towards the ‘ladies’ sign that they’d just passed. They tried to push the door open, but couldn’t (I think they’re locked after a certain time in the evening, which perhaps explains the woman’s plight above), and stood briefly with slightly crossed legs before running towards the train (and out of sight) again.

Same time, same place but a different day, and a train came past me as I was walking along, having just got off a different train myself. As it passed, I saw some unusual movement out of the corner of my eye, and looked to see (through the window) a girl bouncing up and down at the door as she waited for the train to stop. A few seconds later, it did so, and she stepped onto the platform with a couple of other people (all looking rather jolly!) and they all walked along a little way in front of me.

I was fairly certain, given what I’d seen, that they’d head towards the toilets on the platform, and they deviated from the obvious route towards the exit to walk past them. Although they were probably closed (as above), they seemed to walk past without so much as a second glance, and I thought that perhaps there was another reason for her vigorous bouncing on the train (no-one really needs a particular reason to, after all!). They then walked past the steps up to the main concourse too, though, and went straight to the lift further along (which very few people use, unless they really have to) and pressed the button to call it.

It took a few seconds to come (it must have been up at the other level) and, as soon as she stopped walking, the girl in question started doing the most obvious pee-dancing, lifting one knee then the other up high, crossing each in front of the other whilst doing so and accompanying each movement with a little bend in the middle. The lift doors opened, and they went out of sight, when I was still a little way off the bottom of the steps. As I reached the top, they were just disappearing out of the concourse doors and off towards town (which is at least a few minutes’ walk before reaching any sort of place that’d have toilets at that time of night). I wonder what happened next?!

Finally, a similar story that a colleague shared with me. The ending really isn’t my cup of tea, not least because the woman involved evidently wasn’t happy (albeit annoyed rather than visibly upset or embarrassed). I still thought I’d share it, with the power of anonymity, because the scenario that led to it is a situation that some might appreciate! He was waiting for a train when he witnessed the woman in question approaching a member of staff, quite angrily, to complain that there was no working toilet on her train journey (from the seaside).

The staff member pointed towards the toilets on the platform, only for her to reply, sharply, “it’s too late – look at me!” She turned around to reveal a very large wet patch on the back of her jeans (apparently not visible at all from the front). I have no idea why she didn’t get off the train at any of the larger stations on the way, but I can only imagine her desperate struggle – maybe she was in the habit of putting it off until the last minute, and it was only then that she found the toilet ‘unavailable’?

*002*2017-03-30 20:24

{{On 29/03/2017 at 1:56 AM, MysteryGirl373 said:

The final story, with the annoyed woman....it's very odd! Personally, if I were in that situation, I would maybe have written a complaint or phoned, not stand there moaning while in soaking wet clothes!...I think my first priority in soaking wet clothes in public would be to 'get home and get clean'...I find this one very interesting! Thanks for sharing though!

}}

In her defence, this particular seaside resort's clientele generally don't have any sort of shame or indeed social standards. It's quite enlightening watching them all heading out that way on a summer Saturday!

But yes, I'd imagine that most people would do what they could to hide the evidence and get home as quickly as they could, certainly without making a scene that they didn't need to make!

