Desperate sighting at the railway station

Author: holding-myself

*000*2021-02-23 11:13

Some years ago, I had been on a hiking trip on the weekend with some friends. On Sunday afternoon we were on our way back home and sitting in a train while waiting for it to start. That line we were on only connects the remote place where we had finished our trip to the next station. The ride between those two station takes about 45 minutes, so there are no toilets on the train. There are two rails with one train on each, so while one is going up the other one is going down and so on. That means at each station a train starts only once per hour. Out train was already full.

While we were sitting there and waited for our departure, I was looking out of the window across the other rail and noticed a scene that was happening on the other platform. Among the people who were waiting for the next train was a young couple, a guy and a girl, about twenty years old I guess. The girl had brown dread locks. She was wearing outdoor clothing and carried a backpack, while the guy, with short dark hair and glasses, only wore some colorful shorts and a t-shirt. He was even bare foot. And he was doing a full pee dance!

He stood there squirming and fidgeting, marching on the spot, bending forward, lifting up his knee across the other leg. He even repeatedly reached down with his right hand, grabbed and gave himself a few quick squeezes. Damned, he looked really desperate, on the verge of losing control! And didn’t seem to care that all people who sat on the same side of the train as me could look straight at him and watch him pee dancing and holding himself. I was not the only one who had noticed it. I could here someone in the group next to us say something like: “Look at that lad over there! He seems to need a wee really urgently!”

I watched for several minutes as he went on marching, crossing his legs and holding himself, while he occasionally exchanged a few words with his companion. Apart from that she stood there quite motionless.

Then our train finally departed and I don’t know what happened to them. But I know that if they stayed there and waited for the next train, he would have had to hold it for at least another hour and 45 minutes until he could get to a toilet, and that seemed pretty much impossible telling by his state.

But I still ask myself what had happened there. Where had they come from and how did they get into that situation? Did he make it to the loo in time or did he wet himself? What was the relation between the girl and him? How was she feeling about his situation? Did she have to pee too? I guess I will never know the answers.

