My hold at an outdoor gig (true story)

Author: holdit247

*000*2020-01-05 17:41

My wife at the time loved the boyband so much that this would be the fifth time I'd taken her to see them. As their careers wained so the venues declined in stature, to tonight's outdoor gig at a sports field. To acknowledge that I wasn't into the music, she offered to drive so I could have a beer.

I peed before leaving home, followed by about an hour drive to the venue, on which I drank a can of diet coke.

I bought her a cup of tea and myself two cans of beer, and drank them while we sat on the grass waiting for the support act. I guess 90 minutes passed between parking and the support act striking up. She was a solo singer, more my thing than the headline act, and I enjoyed swaying to the music in the packed 'premium' enclosure nearest the stage. Another interval before the boys came on stage.

They did a good set; lots of their biggest selling songs and mercifully no new album to promote with unrecognisable tunes. It was also long, closer to 2 hours than 90 minutes. An hour into their set I realised I was seriously full. Not 'getting there' but 'got there'. I decided to go and use a portaloo while the gig was playing, so there'd be no queue. But I realised I'd never find my wife again, so held on, intending to go despite the inevitable queues at the end.

I danced to hide my fidgeting, thrust a hand into my pocket to hold myself and worried that I didn't know how long the set would be, or any encore. But I made it to the end, then had to do that awkward shuffle as the whole crowd headed for the exit slowly. The queues for the loos were huge, so I didn't even tell my wife I wanted one. Then the band left in their bus and security held the whole crowd back to let the VIPs out of the same exit we were heading for. I had been at 10 out of 10 for an hour.

By the time we were back at the car another 40 minutes had passed, and I was catastrophically desperate to pee. But by now I knew I could make it home, so got in to the passenger seat, opened a 500ml bottle of water and told my wife my state. She was shocked. She wasn't into the fetish so it hadn't occurred to her that I would need to go by now.

But bless her, she helped me make it home by talking about the fetish, my state, what she would be feeling in the circumstances etc. As the water was processed, my bladder got harder still and was hard to the touch. Then she talked to the babysitter while I rushed upstairs and measured, matching my then record of 1600ml.

