A Long and Wet Afternoon

Author: hubertheiser

*000*2018-10-13 19:50

Here's an adventure I want to share with you. I hope you like it.

Fap Roulette gave me the "Ultimate Bladder Torture" the other day with some exiting rolls:

Wear jeans and underwear. Add a tight leash tight around Choose a beverage stronger that 4.5%. Drink 1 cup (330ml) per hour. Hold for 7 hours. Relief (peeing in clothes for 1/2 second) 100 times. Masturbate and edge every 10 minutes. My hand already hurt when I read this. But given the other parameters, keeping a proper level of excitement throughout the challenge shouldn't be a problem. If you make all the way through, you can pee normally and masturbate to orgasm. The punishment would be at a bit disgusting, I spare you the details here. On the set day, I wanted to start the challenge at 2pm. So I went about my normal routine which includes 1 liter of green around lunch time. The challenge doesn't state anything about starting with a full bladder or a need to pee, so I used the bathroom normally, the last time at 1:45pm.

Time to get ready: I put on shorts and a worn out pair of jeans. The tightened belt would serve as a leash. T-shirt, socks completed the outfit.

100 reliefs in 7 hours, you do the math: It's 14 leaks per hour, or just over 4 minutes between to leaks if evenly spread out through the challenge. So carpet and chair protection were needed from the very beginning.

For drink I chose a craft beer with 7.5%. Not strong enough to get me drunk with the prescribed amount, but just a little light headed. The brand I chose turned out to make my mouth a little sticky from the heavy sweetness, so I added some water every now and then. Shouldn't hurt on warm day, should it?

Now follow me through the challenge.

2pm - 3pm

Peeing on command was always hard for me, especially when my bladder is almost empty. So only one relief in the first hour.

3pm - 4pm

The bladder starts filling, no real pressure, though (1/10 - 2/10). I "relieved" 9 times and ended the hour with a sizeable wet patch in my jeans. I really started to enjoy this game.

4pm - 5pm

I'm getting the hang of it, 15 relieves evenly spread throughout the hour.

My jeans are getting nice and wet in the front and the back. Pee starts puddling in my chair. Urge level is rising to 5/10 - 6/10.

5pm - 6pm

I'm keeping the relieve rhythm, 15 leaks again this hour. Pants are soaking front and even more back. The puddle in my chair starts to become permanent.

Pressure is rising drastically: The hour starts at about 6/10 and moves up to a firm 8/10. First involuntary leak about 5:50, but I regained control quickly.

6:00pm - 6:20pm

Urge level is rising to 9/10, it's becoming increasingly hard to regain control after each relief. Can I still call it "relief" when the pressure after the leak is the same as before?

9 reliefs in just 20 minutes at the verge of losing control! Can't sit still anymore, squirming, bouncing about and doing the dance. Will I be able to make to the end?

6:20pm

I can't hold it anymore, I'm peeing uncontrollably in my jeans. Heavenly relief! My drenched jeans are feeling so nice and warm and wet!

Aftermath

To sum it up: That were 49 more or less controlled leaks and 1 full wetting 4 hours and 25 minutes.

Given the amount of liquid still moving through my body and my plumbing being well worn out, the next wave would come soon and be unstoppable. So I just leaned back in my chair and relaxed and enjoyed myself while waiting for things to happen.

At about 6:50 I made a halfhearted attempt to delay the inevitable, but to no avail - I uncontrollably peed myself again. What a fun afternoon!

*002*2018-10-14 13:57

{{15 hours ago, Helena said:

Loved it!! And good pictures. Now I want to do that too!

}}

Thank you!

And I'd love to hear about it when you're going to do this challenge :-)

*005*2018-10-15 20:47

{{On 10/14/2018 at 7:01 PM, Lils said:

Lovely! Thanks for sharing and thanks for the pics!

}}

Glad you like it :-)

{{On 10/14/2018 at 8:00 PM, Bluesman59 said:

That looks like it was a blast.

}}

It kinda was :-)

I'm used to longer sessions including several rewettings, but this mixture of letting go and having to hold was special.

