Wet at the Masseuse

Author: hoimi

*000*2018-04-17 21:44

I went to the massage parlour today. As of late, I’ve been having urge incontinence issues, which mean I have sudden urges that can lead to some big leaks. I wear Poise Thin Maximum pads durning the day and Always Discreet underwear at night, though there have been bigger leaks that have been testing or defeating my protection.

Like someone who is not willing to admit they have a bigger problem, I wore a pad to my massage session. I also decided to not go pee before my session.

About 40 minutes in, a sudden urge hit me. I needed a toilet immediately. The issue was that I was lying face down on the table while my masseuse was working on my arm.

In the time it took me to say “I have to go to the bathroom,” my time was up. I stared leaking full force onto the table.

”Oh my god. No...”

She dropped my arm and asked, “Are you going?”

”...yup...” The worst part was that I leaked for like 7 seconds and was completely unable to stop it. It felt good in the release, as warmth spread out from my crotch and soaked through my jeans. Moments like this can be both arousing and horribly embarrasssing.

I wrapped the blanket around me, as I was topless, and moved to sitting position, red faced and teary eyed. My middle was completely soaked, my pad was filled, and the sheets and padding on the table were also wet.

”It’s okay. The table is water proof.”

But my freaking clothes weren’t! I was soaked to the point that there was no hiding my shame. I had a dry pair of panties and an extra pads, but that didn’t dry my jeans.

I apologized profusely and might have cried a little, but my masseuse said that she’s had other clients have accidents during sessions and leaned in close to let me know that she had issues sometimes too.

I wore a long jacket today so I was able to wrap myself up to dash for the toilet. However, someone was just leaving, so I had to keep my eyes away as I hurried in to try and dry off. My masseuse knocked and had brought me a towel (which was awesome of her). I dried as much as I could and went to leave.

There is a check-out process and I was leaving 5 minutes before my session was supposed to end (in wet, peed in jeans). I did the check out and the lady up front asked if I was okay. I was again saved by my stellar masseuse, who came out and played along like everything was cool. She patted my back and said everything was good. I scheduled for next month, left a 30$ tip, and hurried home. I was too mortified to consider taking pictures.

Yes, diaper wearing friends, you told me so...

