My first wetting

Author: HeadBoy

*000*2018-05-19 21:01

At games like truth or dare I have always been very proud of the fact that I've always been able to answer the question "when was the last time you peed your pants?" with the truthful answer "When I was six". However, yesterday this changed. From now on I will have to say "When I was 23"

I had just visited my brother who welcomed his fist baby a few hours earlier and was now sitting in my car on my way home. The drive from his house to my apartment normally takes about five hours so I loaded up with coffee and the cookies that my mother gave me. I also had a waterbottle in case I'd get thirsty since I don't think coffee helps.

After about two hours I realised that I hade an urge to pee, like bad. Not awful but enough to make me feel quite uncomfortable. I didn't think much about it though. The road home was basically just a long highway and I knew that I was just an hour away from the next gas station.

An hour later when I drove in to the gas station I could barely sit still. My bladder was filled up and screaming for relief, but I knew that I would make it to the bathrooms. I got out of my car and walked slowly with my legs pressed together so that I wouldn't let the pee flow. However when I reached the bathroom door and tried to get it opened I read the note that had "out of order" written on it.

My hope sank as I turned around and walked back to my car. When I sat down i could feel a few drops leaking out of my penis and inhaled sharply. I mumbled a few No's to myself and managed to keep the rest in.

The next hour was unbearable. I was shaking and my eyes teared up from the strength that it took to keep my very full bladder under control. Every now and then small drops escaped my penis. When I tilted my head for a second I could see a wet patch the size of a tennisball on my light blue jeans.

That's when my phone rang. It was my brother who wanted to thank me for coming all the way to see him as soon as he called me to say that Lauren (his wife) had gone into labour. During my monologue about how it was an easy decision and how much he ment to me I stopped thinking about holding my pee in. This resulted in a long stream of pee flowing out of me. It lasted for about four seconds before I managed to stop it. Now the wet spot had grown into at fotball and I began shaking again. I quickly said goodbye to my brother and hung up. It was harder to keep it in now since my bladder now knew that it was the one in control, not me.

I unbuttoned my pans to relieve some of the pressure, stuck my left hand down my pants and grabbed my dick to prevent it from leaking more. But it didn't take more than a minute before some more came out and wet my hand and I moaned loudly in discomfort. This was it. At that time I refused to realise that I was not going to make it, but that was the last moment of full bladder. Suddenly a hissing sound appeared and I felt my penis and my bladder completely giving up. The pee flooded over my thighs and reached over to my butt, making a puddle under me and soaking the seat. I released my grip and relaxed, knowing that I had already lost the fight.

And it, felt, good. That moment of relief is the best feeling I've felt in a while and I moaned again, this time because of the ability to breath without pain again.

I peed a lot, and for quite some time. By the time I was finished the pee covered the seat and my pants completely and was slowly dripping on to the floor. Then I got hard, really really hard. My dick went from 0 to 100 in a second and I was instantly horny. I massaged it slightly and came just a minute after.

When I got home I googled around about pissing yourself horny and found this site. After reading a ton of stories and getting horny like crazy I decided to contribute. So this is the story of how I peed myself for the first time in ages and realised that I liked it.

Hope you enjoyed!

