Desperate drive home from conference

Author: holding-myself

*000*2021-03-16 16:48

This one is a bit of an experiment. I will try to write this story kind of gender-neutral, so that you can imagine what you like best while reading it. If you want to know the truth you can take a look at my profile. My colleague is of the same gender like me.

Two years ago I attended a conference in another city together with a colleague. We had stayed there for two days and after the event was over, we were on our way back home. First we had to take the subway from the congress center to our hotel, where we had left the car of our company which we had used to get there. We had to change lines once and the whole ride took about half an hour. Then we walked from the subway station to the hotel and down into the underground parking lot to get the car. My colleague was driving. After a little stop and go in the rush hour traffic we reached the motorway. From there it was a two hour drive to our city.

It was a sunny afternoon in february. It was not too cold and I was wearing a pair of dark blue jeans, which were rather slim fit but not skin tight, normal cotton underwear and t-shirt, a light blue pullover, vest and sneakers. So I made myself comfortable in the passenger seat, chatted with my colleague and looked out of the window at the landscape passing by.

We had used the toilet before we started at the conference center. But during the conference there had always been free soft drinks and coffee at hand, of which we had made plenty of use, and we had had an additional cup of espresso together before we left.

Under that circumstances, about half an hour into the car ride, I felt a light need to pee again, which increased rather quickly due to the caffeine intake before. We were a bit in a hurry, because my colleague had to catch a train from the city where we worked to the city where they lived. If we had missed that train, the waiting time for the next one would have been long. So when I reached the point where I could have gone to toilet, but not yet necessarily had to, I decided not to ask for a pee break but to hold it until we reached our work place. It would be about an hour and 15 minutes from then on, if everything went fine, so I was sure that I could hold it. I didn’t want to be responsible for my colleague missing that train and I also felt a little naughty (in fact, this was one of the rare occasions where I enjoyed being desperate at work).

So we went on for some more miles and suddenly – traffic. We had to slow down to stop and go and I already feared that I might have made a wrong decision. But it only took five or ten minutes, and after we had passed the next exit we were going at normal speed again.

I was still fine, but the urge grew rapidly. When there was still nearly an hour to go, I already felt quite full and would normally have gone to the toilet now. But that was not an option. So I tried to make holding a bit more comfortable. I did not want my colleague to know that I had to pee, so I could not fidget too much in my seat. I just carefully changed my position once in a while and tried to relax my abdomen as much as possible.

When the urge grew stronger, I dared to hold myself with my hand as sneakily as possible. As my colleague was driving and had to concentrate on the road, I thought it was not possible to see from the corner of the eye what I was doing. So I placed my hands in my crotch, with the left hand shielding the right hand, and started to give myself little squeezes with my right hand. Every squeeze stalled the need for a short moment, the urge decreased a little and I was more comfortable, knowing that I might even be able to hold it a little longer now if necessary.

So we drove on, chatting a little now and then, the daylight faded an while it got dark outside I could hold myself and squirm a bit more without being noticed. The miles and minutes went on slowly and the pressure in my bladder increased, but finally the lights of the city where we worked appeared in front of us. My colleague asked if it was alright if we drove directly to the station, because we had not much time left before their train departed. Of course I agreed, but that meant I would have to hold my full bladder even longer.

We left the motorway and drove into the city. It took us about 15 minutes to the station and traffic was not to bad due to the evening time. We arrived at the station in time, my colleague hopped off the car and when saying good by added: “Oh man, the first thing I will do when I’m on that train is going to the loo!”. So I had not been the only one having to pee, which is still hot to think about.

Now I had to get out of the car and get over to the driver’s seat to bring the car back to our company. Standing up and stepping outside into the cold air didn’t help my need.

I would have to refuel the car before I handed it back. I could have driven to the company building and taken a pee first, but that would have meant that I’d have to get out again and drive to the gas station, which is pretty much next door. So that was no option for me.

Operating the clutch and shifting gears was torture, even more as I had to release the grip from my crotch for that. The rest of the time I was constantly kneading myself and my bladder did really start to hurt.

At the gas station I parked next to the pump, put the nozzle into the tank and waited. I could not stand upright anymore, so I bent over and crossed my legs, holding the nozzle with one hand and my crotch with the other. I think nobody could see me between the car and the gas pump, except a security camera maybe, but I didn’t really care anymore. After the tank was full at last, I walked into the shop as casual as possible, payed and hobbled out again. Now I had nearly made it, just two turns and two traffic lights to pass and I would be back at the company building. In the privacy of the car I gave myself a squeeze again while I didn’t have to shift and finally I reached the parking lot.

I did not got straight inside to the toilet because I had to bring some luggage into my office two floors higher and didn’t want to go down again. So I carefully made my way up through the staircase. There were not many people at that time, only some cleaning staff. I reached my office, dropped my stuff and then hobbled along the hallway, sweating, with my aching bladder to the only bathroom on that floor, which is of course on the other end of the building

When I finally stood in front of the bowl, I had already yanked down my zipper and pulled down my briefs, damp of sweat and maybe some drops of pee, and found at last sweet relief… I stood there for at least three minutes, peeing, stopping, then peeing again and the pain in my bladder died slowly away...

