Boyfriend and I had a holding contest

Author: hollend12

*000*2018-04-02 03:59

This happened just a couple hours ago. My boyfriend is asleep now, so I thought this would be the perfect time to tell this story while it’s still fresh in my mind.

Some exposition: My boyfriend and I are both 20, both AMAB, but I usually wear female clothing ‘cause it’s fun. I’m kinda lanky and he’s more toned. Both of us are into omorashi and we switch between dom and sub.

We had just gotten home from a dinner with our friends. It was a birthday celebration, so we all got a few drinks. Since we both don’t like to drink much, Mark (let’s call him Mark for this story) kept ordering us glasses of water. Eventually, I did start to feel that twinge in my bladder, so I excused myself. Mark shot me down with one coy look — I knew right then he wanted us to hold.

So I stayed and continued drinking the waters he ordered us. By the time we left, I was easily at a 7/10. He didn’t show any signs of being desperate, though, until we got in the car.

Halfway through the car ride home, Mark unbuckled his seatbelt so he could unbutton his jeans. He shoved his hand down his boxers and squeezed his cock with a pained expression. I had to remind myself to look at the road.

Soon enough, we were home. I forced him to at least button his jeans so we’d look decent just in case our neighbors were out. As soon as I stepped out of the car, a wave of desperation hit and I had to double over and grab myself to avoid pissing my pants. It took me a couple seconds to regain composure so we could get inside the building without me pissing all over the floor.

By then, Mark and I were both at an 8/10, if not a 9/10. We got in the elevator (empty, thank goodness) and squirmed the whole way up. When we hit the fifth floor (we’re on the 13th), Mark froze and groaned, thighs pressed tightly together with one hand pressed between his legs and the other holding onto the bar so he wouldn’t lose balance.

He said, “Fuck, babe, I gotta pee.” I was so turned on, not only by being close to losing it myself, but by seeing him so majorly desperate.

We raced to our apartment (as fast as two desperate guys could hobble). Even still, we both walked past the bathroom door. Our holding contests are serious.

He grabbed us both water bottles, I grabbed us belts, and we went to town. We both put the belts tightly around our waists and we started drinking more.

Our rule: every time you leak, you have to tighten the belt a little bit more.

As I pulled on the belt to tighten it, it pushed against my bulging and aching bladder. I moaned and squeezed my hardening cock. I couldn’t stand still, my bladder was so full. I didn’t know how much longer I could hold it.

It was Mark’s turn to do the same. When he pulled on his to tighten it, a spurt of pee leaked out. An abrupt hiss, and then a few drips on the floor. He moaned as well, grabbing at his cock through his jeans pocket. I had to tighten his belt for him, and I tightened it more than usual since he leaked. It felt good to make him moan.

I sat down on a barstool, crossing my legs tightly and bouncing them up and down. Desperation came in frequent waves. When I lowered my crossed legs onto the floor, I knew that if I uncrossed them I would start leaking. An orgasmic feeling of needing relief flooded my body.

Mark wasn’t in a better boat than me. He grinded against the island. I’m not sure if he was trying to make himself hard to hold back the pee or if he simply couldn’t hold still.

When half of my bottle was gone, I couldn’t bear the desperation anymore. I needed to let a little out. I uncrossed my legs and piss jetted out of me, soaking the front of my panties before I could get it under control. A basketball-sized wet patch spread across the front of my skinny jeans. I let out a sigh of relief despite the desperation still being there. The feeling of the warm wetness against my cock didn’t make things better at all. Also — now I had to tighten my belt.

I tightened it and almost yelled — my bladder was still so full.

Both of the water bottles were empty. Mark and I both couldn’t keep still. We both knew we wouldn’t last much longer, and we were both so turned on.

Mark unzipped his jeans and pulled out his hard cock. I’m guessing in a last attempt to control his bladder, he started to jerk off. He edged a couple times before finally zipping back up and cumming in his boxers. The deep moan he let out was enough to make me cum.

While this was going on, I squirmed, jumped, wiggled, and did every potty dance known to man in my spot. I squeezed as hard as I could, but the need for release didn’t diminish one bit.

Mark, just a minute after his climax, leaked again. I heard another abrupt hiss, but the stream didn’t stop until a few seconds later. A small puddle formed around his feet.

He approached me and grabbed my hips, hoping to make me forget that his belt needs tightened. I grabbed it and pulled, and his bladder released another torrent of piss. He grabbed himself and doubled over in a poor attempt to stop the flow. However, it just wasnt enough. Piss ran down his legs and splashed on the floor, forming a rather large puddle.

He let out a long sigh of relief, relaxing as his tired bladder emptied its contents onto the floor.

The sound of it was too much. The hiss of pee flowing from his penis, the splashing of the piss in the puddle on the floor, the moans of relief... It just made me have to go ten times more.

My hands stayed in between my legs, my legs bounced, and my bladder ached. I was at a 9.9/10, but I didn’t want to let go just yet.

When Mark finished, he removed his wet pants and boxers so he stood in front of me butt naked. He removed my belt, pants, and panties and watched me squirm for a minute.

He put his hands on my hips and pressed both thumbs into my bulging bladder. I yelped, and piss shot out of the tip of my penis. I couldn’t stop it, and the feeling was orgasmic. I could physically feel my bladder emptying. Mark grabbed my cock and aimed the heavy stream so that his entire body was soaked with piss.

When I was finished, I kissed Mark long and hard. And you can guess where this is going...

He pulled me to the bedroom and fucked me senseless. Somehow, he still had more pee left in him, which he emptied onto me.

We cuddled for a while, and then he fell asleep, and that’s where I am now, telling this story.

*002*2018-04-03 03:50

{{7 hours ago, Snuggle-Butt said:

That was... really hot. Wish I had someone to do Omo with.

}}

It certainly makes holding more fun ;)

