No toilet challenge

Author: Here4theFun

*000*2018-09-10 21:38

I wanted to do the no toilet challenge for so long, and I got the perfect opportunity the other day! I was alone on the house my family has in a village with my dog, it has a big garden, a swimingpool and only two neighbouring houses that can see said garden, so the game was on.

The challenge is just one rule, you are not allowed to pee on the toilet for the whole day.

I woke up and decided to hold my morning pee, so I had breakfast and walked my dog insted. This proved difficult because by the time we were returning an hourlater I was fairly desperate. So when I arrived I went to the back of the garden and just squatted and let all my pee out. After that I just chilled and kept drinking.

I made my lunch and drank a glass of water and a coke by thattime I was getting desperate again, but that didn't mean I couldn't torture my bladder a bit more, so I crossed my legs and drunk a glass of Fanta and another glass of water while completing warious tasks and doing some jumping jacks. I felt I was nearing the end of my rope so I took the bottle of coke and went to the pool. After jumping I tried yo swim but the cold water was too much on my bladder, so I had to get out while I leaked. I got the bottle just in time to pee inside, lets just say that at first not much got inside . It was quite the experience squatting on the grass peeing inside the already pee filled bottle in full view of those neighbours.

After that I drunk a bit more and had a shower, peed a bit there and just dresesd myself and begun packing because my mom was coming that night to stay with my dog while I came back to the city.

Two hours later my need to pee resurfaced, and this time I felt a bit more daring, so I went to a little part of the garden thatis filled with stones and fully visible by the people who live across the street on a first floor, lowered my shorts and my thong arround my ankles, put my back to the wall and just let go. My bliss was that big that I didn't even hear the door open, just my name being called as my mother got out in the garden. I had enough time to put my shots and thong over my still dripping pussy and make some bulshit excuse.

What would follow would be her driving me to the train station and a very desperate 40 minutes fidgetting and crossing my legs while I felt my wet thong and my high waisted quite tight shorts not helping at all my very full bladder situation. But seeing as I was pretty desperate I had to enjoy it I thought, so I went to Starbucks and brought myself an Iced tea with the promise that if I drunk it I would be allowed to pee on the glass. Lets just say it was very hard, more so when I accidentally pushed my already bulging bladder against the counter, I swear I nearly wet myself then and there. I was nearly holding myself when I got to my empty house.

I didn't even hesitate and went directly to the bathroom where I managed to finish my drink in record time. Fumbling with my clothes was hard because I had to press my bloated belly to undo the buttons and my already tired bladder had to let go of a few spurts. After all that holding, peeing in the glass was heaven.

And just before sleeping I allowed myself to piss in the shower again.

The bottle and glass were of 500 ml, so I will try and mesuare my bladder capacity, What do you think? Do you have any more fun challenges we could try?

*004*2018-09-12 03:23

{{10 hours ago, lovetohold said:

This sounds like it was awesome! I've always wanted to try a no toilet day. But what did you do if you needed to go #2? That's where I get stuck, because I'm definitely not turned on by that, and I don't want to poop outdoors.

Overall, I'm jealous that you have a garden and a pool to use as your makeshift toilet!

You could also try going in towels, the sink, on your laundry before washing it, etc.

}}

Well No 2 for me counted as an exception, if I would have had the urge I would have allowed myself to go to the toilet. Although probably I would have found a place to pee before going to the toilet and do the do.

$$

*007*2018-09-16 22:11

{{21 hours ago, AD51 said:

If you're thinking of measuring your bladder capacity. I think it might be interesting to have a "no toilet" day again, but this time only going into containers and measuring how much you peed throughout the day. At least if you're ok with the idea of holding onto pee filled bottles for the whole day.

}}

That seems intresting! But I think I could just pee in the bottles and just add the quantities instead of having to hold onto the bottles. I will try tomorrow, although in the morning it will be tricky as hell.

*013*2018-09-22 20:39

{{On 9/21/2018 at 12:36 AM, CarmenCD said:

True. It's much more risky, but much more fun too. Well, I probably wouldn't do it dressed as a man either. But hidden behind the makeup, wig and female clothes is a bit easier. Most of the people wouldn't recognize me, unless maybe from close distance.

}}

Haha what you did was hardcore, I am not brave enough to do it in public either. Much more during the day !

