Boyfriend had an accident while traveling!

Author: hollend12

*000*2018-04-06 06:55

This happened a couple weeks ago when we were driving south to visit family. There’s pee AND poop in this, so if that’s not your thing back out now

My boyfriend and I are both into omo and occasionally messing (him more than me, though), but this was surprisingly totally accidental.

We live in Pennsylvania, so the drive all the way to Georgia is around 9ish hours. We had just hit Virginia when Mark (I’ll just keep calling him that, might as well right?) told me he had to pee. I asked if he wanted me to find a rest area and he told me that he was in the mood for a good ol’ car hold, which I am never opposed to. But since I’d be driving for a while, I thought it’d be best if I let him hold and stay in the driving mindset, y’know?

Anyway, we stopped at a rest area and got him a couple bottles and some chips for me.

I think that was around 1PM and at 2, Mark had gotten a bottle and a half down. And he ended up eating one of my bags of chips. His bladder is huge, so I know he wouldn’t be desperate for a while. That’s when he told me he had to poop a little bit too. We’d had a big breakfast earlier. I asked him again if he wanted to stop, and once again he said no — he’d hold his poop too.

About 30 minutes later, he started to squirm. I asked him if it was poop or pee, and he said both.

He alternated between squeezing his dick and clenching his buttcheeks for a while, so I thought I’d make it harder for him — I told him no hands.

He whined for a second, but then put his hands by his sides. He squirmed even more, crossing and uncrossing his legs (as much as he could in a car) and pelvic thrusting to hold the poop in.

I made him finish his water and considered other challenges to make his hold harder.

He’s a very vocal holder. He panted, moaned, groaned, whined, and squealed as he squirmed. I knew he absolutely couldn’t hold still. So I told him to.

”Hold still with your legs open for 15 seconds. Every time you move you have to start over. Okay?”

He obeyed, spreading his legs and holding them still. After a couple seconds he let out a loud moan and I saw a small glimmer of wetness on his shorts. He moved and squeezed his legs together with his hands holding his crotch.

“Start over.”

He repositioned himself, and I could get a good look at the damage done. A quarter-sized wet patch on the front of his shorts.

He went on for longer this time until a wave of desperation hit him and he doubled over, squeezing his dick.

He begged me to find a rest area, which I agreed to — until we hit traffic on the interstate. All lanes stopped because of a wreck ahead. Mark whined, bouncing his legs. A cramp must have hit him then as well, because a hand shot underneath of him to hold his bottom.

”Leo, I’m gonna shit in your car.”

I hadn’t thought this through. I’m fine with piss in my car, but shit is admittedly a lot harder to clean up — so I grabbed an emergency pullup out of the dash and handed it to him to put on.

He pulled off his pants and briefs, quickly pulling the pullup on before he could do any damage to my car. He pulled his pants on again just incase anyone had decided to look in.

”Don’t think I forgot. Spread your legs and hold still.”

Mark whined again, letting himself squirm before spreading his legs. He farted and leaked — I could hear the spurt — but he didn’t move. Though he did moan very loudly, which got me a little excited. We hadn’t moved for a while, so I decided to pleasure myself a little as well. Since we were in public, however, the most I could do was stroke my shaft through my jeans.

He blurted out, “FIFTEEN!” and quickly grabbed himself, starting to squirm again.

”Babe, I really gotta go. I don’t think I can hold either for much longer.”

I looked at the time. 3:30. ”I’m giving you until four, and then you can let it all out. If you do before that, I have a punishment in mind.”

“Yes, sir.” He groaned, bouncing rapidly. I knew he couldn’t make it until four. That just makes it more fun.

At around 3:45, he leaked again. And then again a couple minutes later. Finally, at around 3:50, he lost control of his bladder. It all came gushing out of him, hissing as it was absorbed by the pullup.

He moaned loudly and lewdly. I felt my pants get tighter. A noticeable tent formed on both of our pants.

He pissed full-force for about a minute until he was finally emptying. The pullup started leaking and forming a wet spot on his shorts. When he was done, he farted and groaned. It still wasn’t over.

Traffic started moving again. A rest area was a half mile ahead — I was sure at the pace we were moving he wouldn’t make it to there, but I would have to get rid of a messy diaper.

I could hear him straining to keep it in. He held his breath and groaned every couple seconds. He farted again and groaned one last time — and then he sighed and gave in.

The poop squished out of him and filled the back of the pullup with an audible squelch. He sighed with relief.

He and I were both rock hard. He crept his hand down his pants and discreetly began to jack off. Once again, his loud moans and panting filled the air.

I rubbed myself through my jeans, horny as hell and wishing I could go down on him right then and there.

He came in the pullup and let out a lewd yell, relaxing back in his seat. Not long after that I climaxed and came in my panties.

We approached the rest stop. Mark and I cleaned up and changed our pants. And we went on our way.

When we finally got to the hotel, I pinned him down on the bed.

”You haven’t forgotten your punishment, have you?”

I stripped him down and ran my fingers up and down his body, deliberately missing his dick and any majorly sensitive area. Every time I came close to touching him, he got more and more horny. I just kept teasing him, not allowing myself to touch him where he waned me to. My fingers hovered above his tip, and he lost it.

He grabbed me and started making out with me, hard. I stripped myself down, fucked him cowboy style, and came inside of him.

Good ‘ol car hold.

