Wet after-work hours

Author: HereToStay

*000*2022-07-17 21:10

I had some really busy weeks at work lately. So I didn’t have much time for pee play at all. But on Wednesday I really felt like having some naughty fun again so I packed some extra clothes for in between work and going to the gym.

There is a nice park close to the office and as soon as I got my work done for the day I headed out there to find a nice spot to really soak and enjoy myself. I was wearing black jeans that day so I wasn’t too concerned that anyone would notice my wet pants out in public and when I returned to my car. Naughty confession : when I was working through my last couple of emails, I already had let go some small spurts into my boxer briefs, so I had a nice wet patch in my pants pressing up against me already. Hmmmm

As it was already early evening, the park was not that crowded anymore and I quickly discovered the ideal secluded spot atop a hill with some trees to lean on and a beautiful view down on the park and the river. I hurried to climb the steep as I felt an enormous pressure on my bladder. Oh, I forgot to mention that I drank about two liters of sparkling water during the last two hours with no bathroom breaks since lunchtime. Yeah, I really had to go.

So when I reached the top of the hill I quickly sat down on the grass, closed my eyes and finally let go. At first I actually struggled to get the stream going after I had held it so long but after a couple of seconds my crotch was completely soaked and my pee ran down to my ass in streams and into the grass. This felt soooo incredibly naughty and good to pee my pants after a stressful working day . I really enjoyed the warmth and wetness spreading. I think I sat there wet and happy for at least half an hour rewetting several times, enjoying the view and letting my pee soak in so the wet patch in my crotch and on my ass wouldn’t be too visible when I walked back to the parking lot.

Gotta say that was one of the most relaxing after-work wettings. I can highly recommend it.

$$

$$

FullSizeRender.MOV

