A first for me

Author: homeanddry

*000*2016-02-27 21:52

It’s been a while (well, a few weeks) since this happened now, but I thought it was about time that I wrote about the first time, the only one of two, that I’ve got desperate to the point that I really couldn’t hold it any more.

It started, then, with a bit of forward planning, on a rare evening when I’d have the house to myself for a few hours. I had my wonderful friend Equusquagga, of this parish, on video call to keep me company and provide motivation a-plenty (I can’t take holding seriously unless I’ve got a reason to keep holding!).

As always, I’d had plenty to drink throughout the day – plenty of tea, with glasses of water in between. I’d last gone to the toilet around 5pm, I think, but by 7.30 I was really starting to feel the need again. Of course, with encouragement, drinking a couple of pints of water was exactly the right thing to do at that point. It took me until 8pm to finish the bulk of my household tasks though, by which time the water had worked its way through to add to the rest. Standing or walking around for any length of time was really difficult, with a huge pressure around the base of my bladder and an increasing pressure right at the outlet, if you like.

I still had some tidying up to do, just putting a few things away really, but first I had a nice refreshing glass of pear juice. Even sitting, by this stage, was difficult, so I alternated between kneeling on the floor talking to EQ and pacing around the room. I managed to get a few things put away, but bending down to pick them up was really too much. The pressure was coming in waves of desperation, and I was having to concentrate on squeezing my muscles hard to hold back each wave. Even breathing out was enough to add to the pressure and make it difficult. It didn’t feel like it made much difference, but I did resort to a quick squeeze with a spare hand more than once, just to try to deal with the immense pressure that felt like it was right there.

The plan was to go upstairs to the bathroom when I felt like I was right on the edge, get as undressed as I could whilst remaining decent, and stand or sit or whatever in the bath and try to hold it for just a little bit longer. EQ, obviously reading my facial expression, was sufficiently worried to have been urging me to go upstairs for a good few minutes. There was still a bit of tidying up to do, but a sudden wave of pressure convinced me that she was right – it was definitely time to make a run for it. I managed to throw my trousers off (I really didn’t want to be worrying about washing them!) and throw myself over the edge of the bath, sitting on the edge before changing to a standing position, before the floodgates opened. I squeezed hard to try to stop it, but it was no use – it was all on its way out, and before long there wasn’t much point trying any more.

It all happened far too quickly to contemplate photos at the time, but I did take one just to record what, for me, was quite a momentous event…

*003*2016-03-05 18:00

Slightly belated now, but...

{{ 

Very nice! Nice picture, too :)

}}

Thank you! I've never really been brave enough to take many omo-related photos, but clearly let myself go a bit this time!

{{ 

I remember this fondly homeanddry, really was quite the video call if I might say, I feel like it definitely needs to happen again soon :P Can't think of a better way to spend an evening aha!

I really really miss pear juice though, can't find it here!

Oh, and I remember urging you to go upstairs, I'm really surprised you made it (but pleased none the less)

You're ace :P

EQ x

}}

Don't worry, I'm sure that there'll be another one soon if there's suitable motivation! Thanks for persuading me this time though :-)

