Waited too long at the bookstore

Author: Here

*000*2018-10-07 00:31

I'm over 18 and identify as female, but would prefer not to give descriptive details. Please imagine whatever would make you happiest ? This is my first story on here, so be nice.

I don't tend to challenge myself with holding, but there was one time when I did. I was wandering around my neighborhood and put off peeing for awhile; I was maybe at a 3 or 4 by the time I got to the bookstore where I'd planned to spend the majority of the afternoon. I wanted to pick up a new book to read, and was choosing between two. I knew this bookstore had no bathroom, so I only had so much time to browse. I picked up the first book I'd been thinking of, Between the World and Me, and sat down to read it. By the time I got about halfway through it--it's not long--I had to go badly enough that I couldn't ignore it.

So, I figured it was about time I started looking for the other book. As soon as I stood up, the urge got much stronger, and I had to squeeze my thighs together, and bounce for a moment, to keep from leaking. I managed, though. I started wandering around the store, looking for the other book I was interested in, Modern Love. The first thing I came across, though, was a cute coffee-table type book that a dad wrote about things his toddler would say to him. I flipped through it quickly, my legs crossed, and was relatively comfortable. But when I got to the last page, a sudden urge hit me and I had to bounce and squeeze my thighs again. I figured I'd better hurry along so I could get home and use the bathroom. Rather than keep looking for the book, I decided to head to the counter and ask.

I stood at the (rather high) store counter, which came up to about my chin. My hips were cocked to one side to help hold it, because now that I was still and not distracted, my urge to pee was as strong as it had been. As I waited to get someone's attention (the staff seemed either busy or not particularly concerned with answering costumers' questions) I overheard the woman in front of me ask where the bathroom was.

The staff confirmed what I knew: that they don't let customers use their bathroom. But, they tipped her off to an available bathroom at the Starbucks across the street. I found this encouraging. I could make it across the street! I just had to get that second book, make a decision, make my purchase, and head. Since I was doing well holding it with my legs crossed, I figured I'd make it. I don't struggle with leaks or anything like that normally.

It took awhile, though, for someone to notice and help me, and all the while, I was squeezing my muscles hard. By the time I had someone's attention, and I asked about the book, and they finished what they were doing, and came around the other side of the counter, and led me over to the book...well, I managed to hold it fine for that amount of time, but as they walked away and I finally opened Modern Love, I guess I got excited. An urge hit me so strongly and suddenly that I couldn't catch it this time, and I felt a warm leak in my underpants. I told myself it wasn't a big deal, and might even just be sweat.

But of course, the urge was so strong and persistent now that I couldn't give this book as fair a chance as I had the first one. I remember just feeling impatient with it and deciding it must be too long and boring for me to read (note: it's not! I read it a few years later, not needing to pee, and it was great--highly recommend). Anyway, I decided I'd better just go with the first option, and made my way over to the purchasing counter--same counter as before, but a different area--so I could get to the bathroom soon.

In line to buy my chosen book, I was starting to feel a bit panicked. I was shifting from side to side as subtly as I could, now having little leaks every few minutes, and the fact that I could see the Starbucks across the street was not helping. I wondered if that other lady had made it. Like the staff in the information area, the guy behind the cashier counter was in no particular hurry. He was having a fascinating conversation (I guess) with someone else back there, and only turning back toward me when there was a lull in that conversation. For better or for worse, he didn't much seem to notice me, let alone be able to see that I was squirming around trying not to pee myself. I didn't feel particularly full; just like my muscles were tired.

Finally, he finished ringing me up and gave me my book with the receipt and a store bookmark. Thanking him, I headed out through the glass doors. I was feeling confident now as I tiptoed across the cobblestone street toward Starbucks. I opened the door, walked inside, walked up to the door, and--

Out of Order.

It was like a freakin fiction entry on one of these sites. I'd have laughed, but I was in too much pain, and very far from home.

Walking back outside, I for the first time honestly wondered if I'd make it. I felt confident I would, but then, I'd been leaking so frequently for the last ten minutes that it would only be a matter of time before more came out, and faster. I started walking home, concerned that any more failed attempts to find a public bathroom would spell an accident. The way was mostly uphill, with a lot of stopping for traffic and lights, so I had to keep doing very subtle pee dances to avoid drawing too much attention to myself (I'm not into that).

There were also all kinds of obstacles on the sidewalk: a young couple fighting, an old couple moving at the pace of an old couple. I could not get by either. And then, most idiotically, I decided to stop at the grocery store. It had been one of those weeks where I kept forgetting to buy what I needed when I had a chance. Or maybe I was just so annoyed with all the traffic that I figured I'd take a break. Or, maybe I wanted to challenge myself. I honestly don't know, but it was a really dumb idea.

This store NEVER has a line...but that day, each register had a string of customers extending all the way to the back of the store. Having given up all hope of subtlty, I was now openly bobbing up and down as I waited my turn. I could see the guy behind the counter glancing at me apologetically as the lady he was ringing up blabbered on about god knows what. Finally, it was time for me and my three items. By the time I left, I wasn't feeling nervous or desperate--I was just annoyed and in pain. I was only a block and a half from my place, and eager to get there.

As I stepped outside, I felt it: the cool breeze going up my shorts, and the moisture on my thighs. I'd leaked. Like, a lot. You couldn't see it on my shorts, and I was too numb to even feel it properly from holding in so hard. But the evidence was there.

Slightly horrified, and still in pain, I bent forward and hobbled home as quickly as I could while holding two shopping bags. I longed to squeeze myself, but that would have involved stopping, which would have brought on another urge and probably a leak. I got to my apartment building lobby and had to decide between the (very slow, single) elevator and the stairs. I decided the elevator would take longer, but the stairs would make me leak, so I chose elevator. This meant now standing in the foyer for a good three minutes, which I chose to occupy by pacing and marching back and forth, and wiggling in place.

When I finally got on the elevator and pushed my floor, I was relieved to be in privacy--but the elevator floor was so filthy that the idea of putting either bag down to hold myself did not seem worth it. It seemed like an eternity before I got to my floor, the door opened, and I was able to shuffle down the hall, key in hand. Once inside, I dropped my purchases on the floor, threw my other stuff on my bed, and ran into the bathroom, already unbottoning myself and not bothering to close the door (I live alone). I sat down and waited for awhile to relax enough to pee, ironically. But the entire gusset of my underwear were wet, and when I finally did start peeing, I peed for over 30 seconds which is a lot for me.

Phew. That was exhausting, and so was writing about it.

