Leaking in famous “TikTok leggings”

Author: Hailey_Eros

*000*2025-01-31 04:20

Hi everyone! I tried to post this on live action holds - but I didn’t realize that requires moderator approval. I bought some of the famous “TikTok leggings” - the ones that are supposed to be make your butt look really big - for my now ex because he said he wanted to see me in them. He never actually got a chance to see me in them lol. I accidentally already leaked quite a bit in them. Unfortunately all of damage pretty much all on the front, not the back. But here’s a picture of the back anyways. I’ll update as when I leak some more - and I’ll also show the state of my panties as well when I’m finished. If anyone would like to tease me or would like to see me wet anymore, including having a full accident please let me know- and preferably quickly - because I’m not sure how much longer I can hold it!

&&

&&

&&

&&

*004*2025-02-02 03:23

{{5 hours ago, DesperateBen said:

Hey I’m sorry I didn’t see you post live at the time but I absolutely loved your pictures, your leaking looks so good and WOW you look really good in the leggings 😍. I would LOVE to see you holding really badly in these and I’m sure I’m not the only one !! Hope to see you holding again soon 🙂

}}

Awww, thank you, and you don’t have to be sorry at all. I definitely plan to continue to do a lot more wetting after holding in various items of clothing (and also while diapered) and take photos so you’ll definitely get to see me hold and wet again soon! Also, I have the my final drenches pictures so I’m about to upload those. I just apologize that I’m taking in my bathroom and the lighting is not pretty bad.

OK, here are my photos of the final wetting in my shower! I must say, I do really think my butt looks great being wet in these leggings! Don’t be fooled though, these leggings make my butt look bigger than it is lol

&&

&&

&&

&&

&&

&&

*007*2025-02-02 05:14

{{6 hours ago, Mokry_81 said:

Wow. wow. wow

}}

Awww, thank you 🙂

{{5 hours ago, Doctor Pivetta said:

Oh wow, you look very good in them

Thank you so much for sharing with us

Can't wait to see more from you

}}

I predict you will be seeing more from me in the future. I had a great time and it’s so nice to see how encouraging everyone is!

{{1 hour ago, Codedog92 said:

That was so hot

}}

Awww, thank you. I felt really good holding and wetting!

{{1 hour ago, Kp. said:

This is actually amazing

}}

Thank you, it felt pretty amazing!

*011*2025-02-02 05:39

Awww, thank you all! You’re all so sweet! I’m glad you’re enjoying my wet leggings too!

*013*2025-02-02 05:46

Was able to get a video showing everything after my”accident.” I have a longer one of me actually wetting but it exceeds the file size even when I compressed it . I REALLY had to go, so I wet a lot for quite a while and I was really desperate. I really couldn’t hold it anymore and it came out all hissy while I was trying to hold it.

IMG_1770.MOV

