Experiences heard during English

Author: Helloworldiwea

*000*2018-11-20 22:40

Story 1: this one girl in my college class was talking about mace and pepper spray. She had many funny stories including one about a snchoolmate who confused pepper spray with cheese spray. But the best involves a group of girls setting themselves. One guy brought in a bunch of pepper spray (school was in a bad part of town). Somehow, it got released into the cafeteria fans during lunch. This was a small school, with fans instead of electric cooling. They were circulating the pepper spray. A group of three girls was close to the zero point, and they all three peed their pants. No one in class could think of a connection between the two happening.

The professor, Prof. frank, asked some follow up questions, such as if the had ever done it before (no), if they seemed afraid (no), or if anyone else in class had ever heard of the link between “a girl wetting and pepper spray fumes.” No one had ever heard of any connection. Finally, thoug, it was revealed that they were coughing during the incident. I wonder if he is going to test his theory (thou probably not :(). His questions, though, did make me wonder if, maybe, he was into it more than he appeared. Especially with the next story told another girl commented that she had a story as well usually Prof. Frank does not let anyone comment during this time of class. He seemed intrigued, this time, tough, so he let her continue her story.

She talked about her incontinent high school best friend. Apparently, this friend would pee whenever she would laugh. And she would not just dribble. Many times it would be show up on her shorts/jeans. The classmate, Layla (not real name), continued her story. She went on to tell the class her awkward experience of buying a special bead sheet so that, when her friend slept over, she would not ruin Layla’s bed. She also mentioned how the friend would ask Layla sometimes if she ever had any extra pants (no, she did not). Mr. Frank, at this point, jumped in with questioning her why her friend didn’t bring extra pants with her.

While Layla didn’t know, Prof. frank hypothesized that she did have extra pants (and panties), but that she had already used them all. I wonder what the friend did after that. I was going to ask why she didn’t use padding or diapers or maybe what happened next; however, I did not want to reveal myself. Prof. Frank asked if anyone else had a funny wetting story to share and then returned to normal class.

*004*2018-11-24 03:06

{{On 11/22/2018 at 9:46 AM, Gemgirl said:

I find it hard to believe that a girl would tell a class an awkward story about an incontinent friend and no one in the class would object. First of all, divulging embarrassing information about a friend's incontinence is just an awful thing to do. Second, while we Omo fans might like to hear it I know most normal people would really not like to know about other people's incontinence.

}}

They were kind of silent and it was kind of awkward. None of us knew the friend anyway

