First time peeing... at school

Author: HatsuneMiku

*000*2012-03-09 19:41

This is my first post and I'm a little nervous so please be gentle on me, and nice comments please. Plus this happened today. :)

So I was in school, and it was 1:15pm as I made my way to my Maths exam. My school is in England and we have really strict rules about uniform, and girls are only allowed to wear tights, a skirt, a blouse, tie and a blazer and we aren't allowed to ever take off our blazer. So the last time I had been to the bathroom was yesterday at lunch time, which is 1:15pm, so it had been 24 hours since I had last been to the bathroom and I spent the whole night drinking bottled water and energy drinks because I was feeling really dehydrated. I didn't have time to pee this morning either, since I woke up late. So I got up this morning and rushed myself into thin black tights, the tiniest black school skirt I own, the tightest white blouse I own and my school tie and blazer. Oh, and I also put on my favourite pastel blue panties. I am in my last year so we are doing our GCSE's, so we got rushed straight to the exam hall and once we are in the exam hall we aren't allowed to leave for anything.

My exams all added up to 3 hours without a break, and five minutes into it I felt a huge wave of desperation come over me. I had drank five bottles of water at lunch too, and I had two bottles of juice in form at 9am.

So 5 minutes into a 3 hour exam and I felt the desperation hit me. I have a tiny bladder too so the longest I can hold it in for when I'm trying my absolute hardest to hold it is about 3 hours, and I was really tired and had to concentrate hard on my exams.

I kept my head down and bounced my legs up and down a little, to distract me so I could concentrate on my exam. It got to about 30 minutes into the exam and I had to bounce my legs even harder. But then, the girl sat one seat in front of me and to the right, she had her legs pressed together and one hand held high to get the attention of a teacher, and her other hand scribbling away at her exam. She asked to go to the bathroom and of course, the teacher said no.

40 minutes into the exam, and the girl who needed to pee had both hands in her crotch, her legs tightly crossed and she was bouncing her legs. This made my desperation reach to level 16 as the girl turned around to scan the room to find a teacher to get the attention of them. To make it worse for her, I opened my bottle of water and slowly drank some, then I realised that it was bad for me too and I quickly shoved my hands into my crotch and pressed my legs together.

1 hour and 30 minutes into the exam, the girl turned to look at me again and a few tears rolled down her face, as I opened another full bottle of water and drank the lot right in front of her, but it was far too much for her and she lost control. She kept her hands pressed tightly against her crotch, and she lost control slowly at first and i could see her shaking. Still looking at me, I realised that my desperation then hit level 18 and I was struggling to keep control and it was hurting a little. I pressed my hands into my crotch, pushing two fingers against myself in attempt to pleasure myself to stop myself from peeing for a little while, but it was too much for her and she then completely lost control, pee spraying everywhere and the teachers still wouldn't let her leave and she was forced to sit in her pee soaked uniform, in the puddle of pee in her seat.

I managed to hold on for the rest of the exam, but as I stood up to leave the desperation hit me again and the sight of the girl hobbling out of the exam hall made me even more desperate, by now I was at about level 19 and seriously struggling to hold it. I ran/hobbled out of the exam hall, down the stairs, outside of the school and into the field to the side of the school grounds. As I reached far enough away from the school and hidden from everyone, I started walking very slowly and crossing my arms across my chest, forcing myself to keep my legs apart.

As some spurts of pee leaked out of me during the exam, there was quite a decent sized wet patch across the front and back of my tights and my panties were completely soaked. I pulled my tights and panties even tighter against me, so that as I walked I could feel the wetness rubbing against me. My bladder was so full that it was visible. I carried on walking, my soaked panties and tights pressing hard and rubbing against my wet and very turned on genitals. I reached a large group of bushes just as my bladder decided it couldn't hold it in any longer. I lost all control and pee started streaming down my legs, the per gushing out of me with so much force that it was spraying everywhere and I was shaking uncontrollably. When I finished, I sat down in the bushes, pulled my tights and panties down and played with myself. I came three times and squirted everywhere and peed even more before I came home.

I'm sorry this story was so long but I'm not used to this and have never done it before, it is my first time writing this and I wanted to put a lot of detail in but I think it ended up being too long. If you read it all, thank you!

*002*2012-03-09 22:11

I've never measured how much I can hold before, but I hardly ever need to use the bathroom and this was my first time actually having to hold, so I guess I can hold a lot for quite a while, I've never don't it deliberately before and I've never really had to hold so I don't really properly know how much exactly I can hold and for how long. I'm going to do a lot more though and experiment. :)

*008*2012-03-12 17:47

I do the exact same in exams! They were Maths exams :) holding for that long was a huge challenge for me but I loved every second of it! :)

