Pee in a Cup x2: Electric Boogaloo

Author: Hintojo

*000*2019-08-03 06:23

Not entirely sure if this is "wetting" per say, but a bit new here and thought this forum was the best fit.

First off, this isn't exactly my story. I've got this group of friends that I've known all the way back since kindergarten. We're all best buds and have a discord going that we message in daily even though many of us have since moved away from each other for school. They're all great guys and at this point we've been through so much, that I consider em family. However, earlier today I got a message from one of them on Snapchat (we'll call him Greg). I found it a bit odd, because we don't keep any secrets or anything and usually have one on one conversations in the group discord. I quickly learned though, that this private messaging was because he wanted to share a story with me—the person he hangs out the most with since I'm only a 35 minute drive away. It's pretty good and he plans to share with the others at a later date when we can see each other in person.

For context, Greg is easily the strongest out of all of us, and probably the strongest person I know in general. He's very devoted to working out and is quite the health nut. As such, he drinks quite a bit of water. But as the late Billy Mays would say, "that's not all!" because Greg also stands out in our friend group for another reason—he also has the smallest bladder out of all of us. If we're driving and have to pull over, nine time out of ten it's because Greg has to go to the bathroom. On days where he really goes hard in the gym and drinks a lot of water, it's not uncommon for him to use the bathroom 4 times a night. Not a huge issue, but Greg is still living at home with his parents to save money since he goes to a college that's only a 20 minute commute from our hometown.

His parents noticed a couple weeks ago, on certain nights Greg goes to the bathroom quite a bit and brought it up with him. They were a bit concerned and were worried something might be up with him, but he assured them that he's fine and that was the end of it. Except it wasn't... See, the simple fact that his parents had noticed his peeing habits embarrassed Greg and made him a bit self conscious.

So what's the obvious solution to draw away attention?

Make less trips to the bathroom.

And how did he plan to accomplish that?

Drink less?

A possible answer, but Greg came up with a better one.

As part of some deal, Greg got a free 30 oz Yeti Rambler with a cooler he bought. He never uses it—or at least never used it until he repurposed it into a "chamber pot" of sorts.

On days that he would drink lots of water, he knew that he'd have to pull the shameful cup out of its hiding place in the closet and turn on his bedroom fan, so as to mask the sound of liquid filling a container. While limiting himself to only 2 bathroom visits a night meant the cup didn't see much use, the nights he did use it he was very careful finding opportunities to empty it out and wash it as quickly and discreetly after use, so as not to draw more attention than just using the bathroom would.

But that came to a halt earlier this week when his mother went into his room... and noticed a cup half-full with suspicious liquid. If his parents weren't concerned before, about Greg's pee habits, they definitely were now. And so, for peeing in a cup, Greg was forced to pee in another cup to make sure this wasn't some drug-fueled idea. Needless to say, he passed and his parents were surprisingly understanding of the situation after he was given a chance to explain himself.

And that's the end of it. Now, this story was intended to be humorous, but in all honesty I got a bit "excited" from this turn of events, but I regrettably didn't tell Greg about that. It would've been an opportune time to key my one of my buddies in on my fetish, as I know quite a few of theirs, but I'm sure more opportunities will present themselves.

All in all, though the (possible) repercussions of being caught make it not worth it in my opinion, the humiliation aspect of Greg's story is the best part. It's sent me into a bit of a tizzy, and as such I've decided to do an impromptu hold tonight and will empty my contents into a cup out of respect for my bro. Love ya Greg.

