Completely wet myself after binge watching some shows

Author: Hazel

*000*2017-07-03 15:53

I was sitting at my desk and it was hot outside, i dont know the exact temperature but it was hot. So naturally i was drinking lots of water. I didnt initially plan on doing a hold but the idea got formulated into my head while i was sitting there. I was wearing a pair of black athletic shorts and a blue tank top. I had a pair of blue panties on and idk if you care but a black sports bra. Anyways i was sitting at my desk and starting to get more and more desperate, setting goals to myself, like no leaking until the end of this episode.

I was actually holding pretty well compared to how well i normally do but then i felt i little bit of pee find its way out and i felt my panties grow a tad warm. I slammed my hand into my crotch though and was able to stop the flow before any damage had been done. There was 20 minutes left of the episode so i set another challenge not to leak until the end. 10 minutes later my bladder spasmed and i felt a spurt gush out of me and into my panties. I checked the damage and there was a glitening patch on my shorts. I checked my panties and they were absolutely soaked.

As those 10 minutes went on i just kept dribbling little bits out but nothing major happened. I felt like i was about to burst though. the flood that was inside me was soon to be released. My bladder spasmed again, i started peeing a full stream, even with my hands helping hold it still took me 3 seconds to stop the flow. At this point you could tell that my shorts were wet. They were black but they were currently glistening.

I was barely holding on, I was doing everything i could to stop the flow but it was too much. I just exploded. Pee just started gushing out of me. I lept out of my chair and thought about going to the bathroom, but theres no way id make it. I ran over to a dirty towel i had on the ground and just peed and peed and peed now knowing that it wsant getting on the floor. It felt incredible! Even after id finished i just layed there for a bit before starting the cleanup process.

I hope you enjoyed that story! any feedback is greatly appreciated!

*002*2017-07-03 19:18

{{1 hour ago, pisciatto said:

Hazel, I am glad that you did not make it and drenched yourself with your piss. I wish that I was there with to piss all over your pants as well.

}}

I'm glad you enjoyed it?

*006*2017-07-03 20:51

{{1 hour ago, compfail said:

Amazing

}}

{{1 hour ago, WettingFan91 said:

I enjoyed your story very much :)

The details like soaked panties, glistening black shorts, slamming your hand down there to stop the flow but still taking 3 seconds to stop the full flow....and then the climatic ending of losing control and peeing while standing up out of the chair and running over to the towel have my omo senses tingling lol. Thank you for the story!

And pictures would be so awesome I agree :) a video would be heaven. Haha but no worries either way

}}

{{1 hour ago, biondi said:

It is nice, next could you post photos of the wet pants ? but if it's too much to ask don't worry, you don't need to

}}

Thank you! i dont really feel comfortable posting pics. Im sorry.

*008*2017-07-04 00:34

{{2 hours ago, 27bjk27 said:

Awesome story! I've always wanted to actually wet myself but I'm afraid, I'm always the girl who pees as soon as I have too.

}}

Thank you!! If im not doing omo related things I'm the same way. If I'm on a trip or something, I'll pee at every opportunity. They really need to put toilets in cars xD

