Desperation on the Bus and (kind of) made it to the bushes!

Author: hunter_makoy

*000*2023-04-26 02:01

Another story from my girlfriend:

Attempting to get to my destination riding public transportation always seems so daunting with the commute times.

I can't manage to get all the way from one place to another without having to drink something, so I'm often left struggling to make it to a bathroom in time.

Every single pothole just makes it worse as I cross my legs tighter attempting to withhold the increasing urge to piss my pants. As I clench my pelvic floor tighter, my clit starts to throb as the impending pressure keeps threatening to gush piss down my legs, embarrassing me in front of everyone on this bus, luckily today I was wearing my dark purple jeans, and even if I did leak some out, I pray nobody would notice.

I keep watching the signs, and counting the number of stops before I get to where I need to go, as well as trying to figure out if I can even make it that far all the while the pressure of my jeans pressing against my bladder being jarred every time we hit a bump.

I finally decide that I can't hold it any longer as I slide my hand between my thighs attempting to help contain myself, as my hand brushes against my engorged clit a wave of goosebumps runs through my body, causing me to leak a little bit while I'm trying to decide what stop I can get off at to get to the closest available bathroom to relieve myself at.

I squeeze my legs tighter together, looking around the bus to see if anyone noticed the small darkened spot between my legs.

I press the button alerting the driver to get off the bus at the next stop, and then quickly realize that the bus is gonna pass the store I intended to stop at, up half a block, deciding that I'm just gonna have to wing it, and thankfully I'll at least be off of this bus and away from the bumpy ride. I attempt to muster up the strength to make it off the bus quickly without fully flooding my pants and pissing all over the floor of the bus.

The bus abruptly stops making me gush again, causing the spot on my pants to grow to the size of an apple. I quickly rush off the bus so that no one will notice that I almost completely wet my pants.

I make it out onto the sidewalk and barely manage to sit on the bus bench at the bus stop, without letting it all go right there.

I glance around, scanning the area, to see if anyone was around, luckily for the most part I'm alone. I bend over my lap trying to keep everything in. As I sit back up against the bench I loosen the button on my jeans, to hopefully release some of the pressure.

I begin to scan the immediate area and try to figure out what I'm gonna do since the store I was gonna stop at is over half a block away. I spot a decently secluded set of bushes, about 100 feet away. As I go to stand up piss leaks even more down my leg, but I ignore it, knowing of the impending pressure that will explode if I don't make it to the bushes.

Approaching the bushes, small squirts gush down my leg with every step. Making it finally to the bushes, I quickly pull down my jeans, as streams of urine squirt out as I attempt to get my already soaked panties down as fast as possible, the warm liquid rushes over my hands as I manage to get them off. I squat down, not paying attention to anyone or anything, just trying to seek relief.

As I finally release the last of my bladder, I let out a sigh of relief, especially since my clit calms down and quits throbbing so painfully.

But now I'm stuck with drenched panties, and a decent sized spot on my jeans, I quickly take off my jeans and panties, discarding my panties into a ziploc that I keep in case of emergencies and pull my jeans back up.

