The 3 hour Hold, changed

Author: Holding4Hours

*000*2016-06-07 17:49

I started m hold at like 11:30, thirty minutes before my family was going to leave. I had a glass of coffee and a glass of peach tea. The coffee had sugar and milk in it. When they left I chugged three classes of water and then went up to my computer. I hadn't felt a huge urge yet so I watched a video on YouTube. I was still not feeling as big of an urge as I wanted to so I took two cranberry pills and drank a big glass of something my mom had on the table, it tasted like lemon. I watched another video and then I started feeling like I needed to pee. I wantedto hold from 12 to 3, which didn't work. I first started by listening to pee sounds, and then I went to IChannel.me and watched some of those videos. I really had to go at this point.

I was crossing my legs but I knew it was going to get worse. I then put on a video meant to make you pee that was eight minutes and read roleplays where a person was being tortured by a robot while they held there pee. When I was finished I went back to Ichannel.me and watched some more videos, my legs held tight. I watched Benjylad 6 and pushed everywhere the guy in the video did on his stomach, which was hard. I then stood up and streached at the door, which made me cross my legs and I walked away, and shaked my stomach, which I thought would make it worse then it was. I sat down and watched some more videos on ichannel.me. I had leaked a little bit at this point, and started pressing my stomach. I had leaked a lot and watching more ichannel.me videos made it worse.

I got a blanket and did some sit ups, which made me leak quarter sized amounts of piss with every sit up. I then went to do sit ups which I'm bad at and nothing happened. I came back to the computer holding my crouch and clicked on Benjylad 7, which made me leak a whole lot. I sat back down and did 10 sit ups and leaked with every one. I then did some jumping jacks and leaked a little but I had to bend over to grab my crotch. I went to grab my computer and it unplugged so I had to plug it back in, and I thought my phone was charged so I was going to listen to water sounds but that didn't happen. I went to do some jumping jacks and started leaking over the blanket I laid down, and went to grab my crotch but was like "Fuck it" and just let it flood my pants.

The floor was so hard to clean up and the pants and under where were FLOODED. It smelled bad too so I had to spray perfume and stuff... Man it feels great to hold it, but cleaning is a bitch. I started cleaning up and then had to pee again, but held it till I was finished. I wish I could show you some pictures but I had to hide the evidence because I thought someone was coming over. I'm going to do another hold in like a week and drink two glasses of coffee and 8 glasses of water. And take on cranberry pill... this will be fun but I need to be more prepared next time. I like holding more then wetting, so I may make a post later asking for ideas on how to make the experience "Better."

You can comment them here too.

I don't do anything naked, or outside, or in public.

