Wetting myself after a train ride

Author: HiddenOmo

*000*2020-10-05 21:06

So, to start things off, this is my first story I have ever written so please be nice when it comes to critiquing. Thank you!

Some background information about me; I have always had issues with my bladder. I cannot hold for more than an hour (if I am lucky) and when I have to pee, it is very noticeable.

This happened about a year ago. I was on my way back home from visiting my cousin in Chicago. Chicago is just an hour long train ride from where I live. Right before I got on the train, I had purchased a bottle of Dr. Pepper and was about done with the bottle when I felt the slight sensation to pee. I tried not to think about it too much and tried to distract myself by watching Orange is The New Black. All was going well, until I felt a strong wave of desperation. I tensed up, bit my lip, and started to rock back and forth in my seat. I did not want to attract any attention to myself so I was trying my hardest not to make it noticeable that I had to pee. I continued to rock back and forth while holding my breath when I felt a small leak.

Shit. I was starting to panic a little. I looked at the time and saw that I still had about 30 minutes until I would be at the train station. I took a deep breath while crossing my legs and tried to continue watching my show. Through out those 30 minutes, I continued to let out small leaks by accident. By the time the train had reached the station, I was constantly shifting in my seat and bouncing my leg. I really had to go. I felt another strong wave and was holding my breath. Every muscle in my body tensed. I wanted nothing more than to let it go. I was the next stop. All I had to do was hold it until I was able to use the restroom at the station.

It was becoming more noticeable that I had to pee. I was constantly rocking back and forth, crossing my legs, bouncing my leg. I was doing everything to try and hold it in for the next few minutes. Finally, the train was slowing and I could see the station. "Thank god!" I got a little too excited and felt another spurt. I gathered my things and tried to see if the damage was bad. I was wearing black leggings at the time so the small leaks where not noticeable. Once the train stopped, I immediately jumped from my seat and practically ran out the door. I was just feet from relieving myself.

The station I was at was a small station. It was outside with a small building where you could buy tickets and had a small coffee shop as well. I attempted to open the doors for the coffee shop, it was locked. Shit. I quickly walked to the other door where you can buy tickets. Locked. Fuck. I was starting to panic a lot now. I started to feel another wave of desperation so I ran to the nearest bench and shoved my hands in-between my thighs and started to get teary eyed. Another spurt escaped and another. Shit shit shit. I grabbed my phone and called my boyfriend who was picking me up. The train arrived earlier than excepted so he was not there at the time. When he had answered he told me he had just left the house and would be there in 20 minutes. 20 minutes, I do not think I could it for that long. I told him I really needed to pee and that I needed to find somewhere to pee soon or I would wet myself.

After we got off the phone, I looked at the time. It was 6 pm, many places that were nearby where already closed. I could see a small gas station further in the distance. All I had to do was walk through a park, cross the street, and I would get sweet, sweet relief. Once I was able stand, I started to head straight towards the gas station. Because it was getting late and chilly, I could feel a cold sensation on my crotch and butt which allowed me to know how much I had already let go. I was halfway through the park when I felt a very strong wave of desperation. I ran to the nearest park bench and sat down and started crying.

The pressure on my bladder was getting too much. I had to go right now. My hand was directly on my crotch and I was rocking back and forth again. I need to pee. I need to pee. I need to pee. Those were the only things that I could think about. I could feel the wetness from my previous spurts on my hands as another one escaped. It lasted for about 2 seconds. Shit. Shit. Shit. I continued to rock back and forth hoping that for some reason this would help relieve the pressure. However, every time I rocked forward small spurts escaped. I was at my breaking point. Any moment now I was going to burst and there wasn't anything I could do about it.

It was at that moment that I knew there was nothing more than I could do. I was starting to leak uncontrollably. Tears filled my eyes, my bladder felt like an elephant was sitting on top of it. Finally, it happened. A light stream started to escape. I couldn't stop it. I was holding myself hard. Trying everything I could to get it under control, but my bladder had another idea. Soon, the light stream turned to full on peeing. It splashed the concert ground and there was nothing more that I could do. I continued peeing for what felt like forever. It felt amazing. I never felt such relief before in my life. If I wasn't at a park and if this wasn't a full on accident I would have came right than and there.

Once I was done, I got up and accessed the damage. You still couldn't see the damage but you sure could feel it. I still had 10 minutes until my boyfriend arrived. I messaged him to meet me at the gas station and started heading that way. Thank god the gas station had a single stall bathroom with an electric hand dryer.

If you like this story please let me know. I have plenty of stories just like this because I have a very small, weak bladder. Also, if you don't mind, I am struggling a bit financially due to being let go from my job (thanks COVID) so consider donating to my PayPal under the email; [email protected]

Any amount would do and would be greatly appreciated. Thank you for the love and support!



*004*2020-10-06 22:36

No, my boyfriend to this day has no idea I wet myself. He isn't grossed out by it or anything. I was just simply to embarrassed to tell him.

