First time pissing myself- it wasn’t on purpose and it’s happening as i type this

Author: helpmeee

*000*2025-05-15 05:47

Holding in my pee has always felt good, but I’ve never really had the courage to wet myself before this. i’d always imagined my first time would involve someone someone ordering me to after a while of desperation and squirming. but i actually just ended up pissing myself right now and im kind of annoyed but also relieved and maybe a little into it.

Context: I’m leaving on a trip tomorrow and i’ve decided to have one last edible before I go and play video games and end the night holding it in before i go to the bathroom and then go to bed. I wanted to wake up early tomorrow to get a good head start and I started really consciously holding it around 9:45pm or so. I watched some videos of girls peeing while i held it for about an hour, and when I was done I decided to go to the bathroom. But my roommate was in there drying her hair and I didn’t want her to see that i was high on a weeknight and that i was going to be doing an extreme potty dance on my way to the bathroom.

I ended up getting extremely antsy around 11:30 and started leaking. I decide to put a period pad in my underwear to catch any more leakage, i figured since it holds a lot of blood (i’m a level 4 bleeder) it can hold a decent amount of pee. Something weird, I’m not sure if others experience this, I can hold it better when I’m watching or reading piss porn, so i went back at it lol but not even touching myself just looking and reading and clenching and trying not to leak anymore. on my journeys of exploring my piss kink ive found this website, so i came here to just have a bunch of stuff to scroll through while i experienced torture.

I thought I could wait what i thought would be the 20ish minutes that it would take for her to finish and go to bed( as i am typing this at 12:10am she is still drying her hair and i don’t know how). I tried so hard to hold it, i was squirming in my bed trying to stay quiet and not piss myself and make a huge fucking mess.

But at the same time I was paranoid of getting a uti since all the pee that had leaked was starting to soak the pad and my lower stomach was starting to hurt. I eventually heard an almost deflating noise in my lower stomach and got so scared that my bladder had burst i immediately got up and sat down on the little rug on the floor next to my bed and tried to pee.

But i couldn’t. i don’t know if i was too nervous or if my bladder had broken or what and i was sooo scared i fucked up my kidneys and i was never going to pee again with a full fucking bladder. but i calmed myself down because i knew i would never pee if i was scared, so i decided to distract myself. As i was on this website already reading other experiences, i figured this story would be interesting to tell. i’m a newbie so i don’t have an account or anything, and as i was making one, not even joking it was some sort of miracle, i suddenly felt the urge to pee again and let it go.

It felt good but not because i was peeing myself and i really didn’t want to. it was relieving to know i could physically pee, but now im worried that ill actually get a uti. but honestly the relief won and i just accepted it and continued the sign up process. i think this is a sign.

But now i have to clean myself up. like really have to because i don’t want a uti. and also clean myself rug and my nice nike sweat pants and my underwear. and now my room smells like piss (and so do i) and my roommate is still in the bathroom and i think im just going to throw in the towel (literally) and end up putting a towel on my bed and laying there and getting up really early at like 4 to wash away my shame before she notices.

Literally as i’m writing i keep peeing more out and it almost feels surreal how much keeps coming out. i really thought i would be done by now. it feels so wet and warm and i don’t even care anymore because im going to have to clean it up anyway. the pad is starting to itch and i really need to clean myself at least before i go to bed.

I’m thinking of just putting everything in the normal wash (a separate load of course), but if anyone has any recommendations or any better methods, or even getting piss smell out of my room…. please let me know omg. and umm any doctors here wanna let me know if i should go get checked out???? i’m mostly joking about the last part but not really.

Yes this is really happening to me right now i’m sitting on the floor in my own warm piss desperately hoping my roommate goes to bed so i can at least rinse myself it’s 12:43am now im editing this and i think im done and my roommate is in her room now, i just need to post and get up pleasseeee wish me luck that i don’t get a uti lol

