Three Bottles of Water before Bed

Author: habizuter

*000*2016-05-27 03:02

I was very indecisive about whether I should do this but last week I got so horny i couldn't stop myself anymore.

The last time I've wetted my bed was over ten years ago. I still remember me being horrified about telling my mom. Now that I'm older and actually enjoy wetting things, I made a plan to drink a ton of water just before going to sleep. I'm pretty sure thats what happend when I was a child. I still remember that I was dreaming that I was on some public toilet and just started to pee before waking up with a wet butt.

So this time I wanted to do the exact same thing, except that I'd be enjoying it this time. So one hour before going to bed i started to drink a half a liter of water every 20 minutes (half of it would've definately been enough, my stomach started to hurt a bit). I only slept for four hours the night before to make sure i was tired enough to fall asleep real fast. When I finally layed down I was almost too excited to fall asleep. Luckily the sleepiness kicked in and I dozed off.

I woke up about an hour later with a disappointingly dry bed and a bladder that was burning painfully. My bladder is just too healthy, it didnt release a single drop and also managed to wake me up to go to the bathroom. I've never been so annoyed that my body was functioning perfectly. I could've just peed right there but I didnt plan to wet my bed while fully awake, I wanted to pee BEFORE I woke up. So I decided to go to the bathroom to release it all. I think I was peeing non stop for over a minute until my bladder was empty. I was really disappointed that my plan didn't work an was also quite sexually dissatisfied. So I drank a few glasses of water strait from the faucett and went back to bed for round two.

And this time, IT WORKED! Do you know those first few seconds after you wake up where your mind is still cloudy and you dont know what's going on? Right when I was in that state I felt warm liquid running down my butt. Out of my human instincts I tried to make it stop, but my urethra wasn't strong enough. Then after a short moment of panic I remembered that it was all planned and I just let it go. The feeling of wet pee covering my entire ass and pussy made me instantly horny. I started to rub myself while the pee is still running and it was the most amazing feeling ever. I put my now urine soaked fingers inside my mouth and continued rubbing with my other hand.

It tasted like very clear pee mixed with my own juices. Just a few moments after I started licking I had my biggest orgasm since months oraybe even in years. I was laying there shaking with my fingers still in my mouth for what felt like an eternity. I don't even know when i stopped peeing. After my body calmed down a bit I continued and started to cover my whole with all of the urine i could extract from my body and my sheets, I wanted to smell fabulous. Then I continued playing with myself until all the wetness went cold.

The next morning I threw everything from my bed in the laundry. Bit still, my biggest fear came true: my matress was soaked and I have no idea how to clean that. Fortunatly the pee was pretty clear and doesn't smell that strong after a week. But still, everytime I entery bedroom i can still smell the fun I had that night.

Edit: sorry for all the typos and bad grammar, english is not my first language

*002*2016-05-27 10:20

{{5 hours ago, wet4fun_86 said:

That is amazingly hot! You're so naughty... I haven't successfully wet my bed on purpose but have accidentally when I was drunk many times. It has been years though. I do have a waterproof mattress protecter though whic I got after leaving a few pee stains on my mattress. Works great. I don't think there's any way to really clean a soaked mattress.

}}

Oh I didn't even think about alcohol even though l've been planning to for weeks. I'm pretty sure it would've made the "accidental" peeing a lot easier, but I haven't touched alcohol for two years and I don't plan to get drunk any time soon.

Thanks about the tip with the waterproof matress protector. Can I buy those at IKEA or are they only sold in matress stores? Probably need a new matress as well, my room smells slightly like a public toilet :(

