My appointment with a dominatrix

Author: holding_king

*000*2025-05-05 03:12

The day finally arrived, my appointment with a dominatrix was in only a few hours. I was determined to have my limits pushed, so I skipped breakfast and was drinking plenty of water to make sure my kidneys were running at 100% efficiency.

An hour before the appointment I took my last pee, cracked open a new 1L bottle of water and headed out to get a cab to take me to her dungeon. When I arrived I was ten minutes early and had to wait outside the building to get buzzed in, my bladder filling steadily but I continued drinking my water.

When I arrived, I walked through the propped open door and that’s where I found her, stunning in a one piece black lingerie and nylons. She had long red hair and a surprisingly innocent look. We had a quick introduction and then she told me to get naked and then led me in to my torture room, a doctors office with a bondage chair I was instructed to sit in, legs in the stirrups and arms spread and tied down to each arm rest, even my head was restrained. I felt totally helpless, each arm and leg tied, I could not move one bit.

She was fully prepared for the scene, “Alexa, play Spotify” she said as the room filled with sounds of running water, a medical IV bag was placed in front of me, she wants me to watch as the water slowly drips out and fills a glass. She was pleased that I arrived with a large bottle of water, “I want you to finish this right now” she said as she held the bottle up to my lips, there was a little less than half left. I struggled but was able to finish it all in one shot, I’ve now had 1L of water in the last hour and our session only just started..

I am easily at a 6/10 already, mistresses hand caresses over my bladder stopping in the middle to apply some pressure making me wince. “Good boy, you’ve already got to pee, but that’s going to get a lot worse”. She reached behind her to grab a mason jar full of water with a big straw, “I want half of this gone now, drink up” I eagerly obeyed.

With my bladder now rapidly filling with over 1.5L of water Mistress grabbed a hitachi wand vibrator and began edging me. She was pleased with how I told her I had not allowed myself to cum since I booked the appointment with her over a week before. As the wand and her hand were driving me crazy and had me begging for a release she would stop when I was close to orgasm to push on my bladder. “You’re never going to pee or cum, your cock is mine” she said. “Yes mistress” I said, that’s the only thing I could say as the sounds in the room changed to something that sounded just like a pee stream hitting the toilet water. “Oh yes, doesn’t that sound good? That sounds like something you’ll never be doing again” she teased as she continued to use the vibrator on the tip of my penis.

“mistress I’m about to cum” I shouted, I knew she didn’t want that and I was right, she pulled the vibrator away and told me to cool off for a minute. She grabbed the jar of water and made me finish it all.

I’ve now had at least 2L of water in the last two hours. She pressed her hand into my distended bladder making me try to squirm as much as I can being restrained like I am. I begged her to let me go pee but she just laughed and told me to be a good bladder slave and hold it. She started edging me again, using the vibrator and stroking me. “Please, please let me pee, my bladder is about to burst” I pleaded. “Your never going to pee again” just those words were too much for me, I came then and there. Mistress pulled her hand and the vibrator away as I was still cumming. “You just gave yourself a ruined orgasm” she laughed. I was terrified because now, without having being horny and getting edged to take my mind off my growing desperation my need to pee just got ten times worse.

“you look thirsty, I’ll be right back” and she left me alone to listen to the playlist of running water sounds and look at the water dripping slowly from the IV. She returned with a refilled mason jar of water. “I want half of this gone right now, drink up” she put the straw in my mouth. “Yes mistress” I had no choice but to drink until she says I’ve had enough. My bladder now throbbing, I am a 9/10 about to piss myself, I am sweating and not even able to think straight, the only words I’m able to get out are “please, I need t to pee s so bad”. You can probably guess the answer I got, it was no. “Only mistress is allowed to pee here, there is no toilet for subs” in fact, “I need to pee right now” she said as she began to slip her stockings off.

She climbed on top of the chair I was tied to, she’s standing above, straddling me. She slid her panties to one side and as I was in awe of just how beautiful she is, she let go, peeing slowly over my cock. I was getting my first golden shower, her warm pee splashing down on to my cock and bladder felt so incredible! Seeing her get relief, It was absolute torture, now sitting in her warm puddle, the smell of urine filled the air and I still have not yet been able to release a single drop.

I’m more desperate than I’ve ever been in my life, my bladder felt like a bowling ball, my whole abdomen, even my back began to hurt, I was truly at my limit. We did discuss safe words that could be used and I was seriously about to use it. But I couldn’t, this is my fantasy and I want to see how it ends. I have to make it to the end of the session.

” You want to pee” she asked. “Okay, go ahead, pee. But only a few drops.”

“Oh please, I don’t think I’ll be able to stop it!” I said as I got ready to try to pee and then hold. “Oooh yesss” I exhaled as I let it flow. However, after only a second, literally only a few drops, mistress grabbed my dick and pinched off the flow. She held it like that until I was able to regain control. She ran her fingernails over my bulging bladder, gently poking at it as she admired how truly bursting I really was.

”If you want to pee, you’ll have to cum for me.” She said as she reached for her vibrator again. “What!!! Mistress please, I can’t even get hard anymore, I can’t focus on anything except my bladder, please just let me pee” I begged but to no avail. She said “you wanted to cum so bad earlier, now I’m letting you cum, and you will cum if you ever want to pee”

The different frequencies of the vibrator and her stroking me were driving me insane! I was in a different world at that point, my bladder was about to explode and it was still filling with all that water. I couldn’t even think or see straight, I thought I was going to pass out. Everything that was happening was total sensory overload.

”you’re never going to pee again, I’m going to keep you tied up here forever, my little desperate bladder slave” oh god, those words sent me over the edge. I came, I don’t understand how because I wasn’t even erect but i didn’t care at that point, all i wanted was to go pee.

“good boy! Okay, I’ll let you pee. But first I have to let you out of these restraints.. slowly.” And she did, it felt like forever as she freed me one restraint at a time. First my left arm, left leg, My right leg and my right arm. She had me follow her to the bathroom and as I stood there in front of the toilet dancing like a mad man she counted down 3-2—1 then let me pee. It was incredible, I peed for at least two minutes! I still felt my bladder bursting for the first minute I was peeing. Mistress laughed and was impressed by how much I held. She said it was the most she seen anybody ever pee. She said it reminded her of the scene in Austin powers when he pees for minutes after being released from cryogenic storage.

Ive never felt true desperation like that before in my life and i am truly grateful to my mistress for taking me through that journey. After the session i had a shower and we chatted for a couple minutes to come back to reality. Truly an unforgettable experience!

*007*2025-05-10 21:18

{{On 5/6/2025 at 12:21 PM, wko86 said:

That sounds incredible! How long was the session?

}}

1.5hours. Honestly, the perfect length given the amount of water I drank in preparation. I don’t think there’s any way I could have physically held all that for 2 hours haha!

*009*2025-05-11 17:33

{{15 hours ago, DiminishingReturns said:

Wow! I normally don't comment on stories, but this, holy shit, that sounds so hot. Good job dude.

}}

Thanks man! It really was incredible and totally worth it!

