Ex bf and I having fun getting wet

Author: hannahbobana

*000*2024-12-07 05:03

So, this all happened roughly about a year ago. I was with my ex boyfriend at the time. I will not be giving out any names, but I always knew that I was into omorashi and had a piss kink for sure. At first, I was terrified to open up to my ex about it, but we got comfortable quick 🙂 He would spend a lot of time at my house and we would spend hours with each other. Things also got dirty, fast. He knew about my piss kink before he knew about the omorashi part. He told me he had never tried it, but he was down for it, so that made a girl very happy haha. Anyways, we started off by pissing on each other.

Nothing too crazy yet, but kinky for sure. Shortly after, I opened up to him about the omorashi part. It gave me really bad anxiety, but he didn’t have one problem with it! He was actually down to try it. At this point, I was over cloud nine because I had never told anyone about the omo part nor have I participated in it. We started off with pissing on each other in the shower and a bit in each others mouths. I would hold his dick for him as he pissed, then got down on my knees to lick off any excess. We then started teasing each other. He would make me drink more water when I told him I had to piss.

He would also push gently against my full bladder😩 I absolutely got turned the hell on. We also did some other odd things, such as both of us keeping our clothing on and I would piss my pants while sitting on his lap. It was messy, but so worth it. We would also send videos of ourselves pissing to each other all the time. Even though him and I will probably always remain exes, we had a lot of fun and kinky times 😉 but I want the person reading this to know that you should never be ashamed of what you’re into. Many people might not be into piss and that’s okay! And I hope if you haven’t yet experienced any of your piss fantasies, that you will eventually and that it will be amazing!

*003*2025-01-06 03:00

{{9 hours ago, Thewetking said:

Did he eventually become fully into it? Or was it more of a "do it for you and get a kick out of how turned on you are" kind of thing?

}}

I am honestly not 100% sure, but I really think I got him into it. He would always makes me send him videos of me pissing and we did lots and lots of stuff involving the kink

*006*2025-01-08 07:25

{{On 1/6/2025 at 5:31 PM, Seamus said:

Such a great story and I completely agree about not being ashamed. I'm also envious you have been able to keep in contact with that ex because that didn't happen for me!

}}

Ohhh no no I don’t keep in contact with him at all haha. It was kinda an awkward and rough breakup

*009*2025-01-08 19:16

{{50 minutes ago, ilikeadultvids said:

Heh, I believe that he was talking to me. My one ex who was into pee stuff and I broke up on amicable terms. We are still friends and she actually got married. I talked to her on the phone with my most recent girlfriend and her getting along quite well.

I'm sorry that your breakup was rough and awkward. That does certainly happen sometimes.

}}

Yeah it does happen. Also no need to be sorry! I really do think everything happens for a reason and the relationship was honestly super toxic. I’m still on okay terms with a few people I have dated. Usually we just check up on each other once in awhile

