Some more observations...

Author: homeanddry

*000*2018-12-26 22:49

Following on from an earlier thread (linked below!) where I described a few scenarios where I'd witnessed desperation on public transport, here's a few more...

$iframe data-embed-src="$/41237-some-observations/?do=embed"

Again, these are more about the scenarios than a detailed description of the desperation, so I'll leave it to you to fill in the gaps with your imagination. I do want to get into writing more though, so I might use some of these as the basis for something semi-fictional. Watch this space?



On a long distance train, the middle-aged lady with the refreshments trolley had set herself up in a corner to do some sort of stock-take. Whilst doing it, she suddenly crossed her legs and bent forward, saying “I really need the loo” before carrying on with what she was doing. She did that a couple more times, sitting down – apparently through necessity – on a nearby seat whilst counting crisp packets at one point too. At one point, she said “I’m going to have an accident in a minute”! I guess she just wanted to get the job finished before going off for a break at the destination or something, and indeed she hurried off to the toilet on the train as soon as she’d finished.



A couple of weeks before Christmas, a group of three girls in their twenties dressed as elves got on the same train as me in one of the big cities on the route. They looked like they’d been out fundraising – they were carrying a bucket, at least – but they had a bit of a pub crawl feel to them too, so I don’t know. Either way, they quickly headed to the very front of the train and stood there, maybe hoping to avoid having their tickets checked. Who knows. It was about an hour to their (and my) destination anyway, and as I waited to get off I heard one of them say “hurry up, this elf really needs a wee!”. There were a couple of similar comments before the doors finally opened and they walked off along the platform in front of me, with the one who’d made the comment walking quite awkwardly with short steps and her legs always close together, to the toilets which were right down at the other end of the platform.



At the start of an hour-long journey back out of the city on a Saturday afternoon, it was announced that the toilet on the train was broken, a few minutes before we set off, and that anyone who might need it should use the ones on the station before we left. A couple of minutes later, just a couple of minutes before departure time, two couples – mid thirties maybe – ran up to the train, one of the men making a beeline for the toilet only to find it locked. He asked the driver whether there was another one on the train, and was told the same advice – use the one on the station, but quickly! The others told him that the train wouldn’t wait for him but he said that he couldn’t wait an hour and ran off (but did make the train still!). There was quite a bit of toilet talk for the rest of the journey, but nothing too interesting. The girls didn’t seem outwardly desperate but I did hear one mention that her “bladder is so full” or words to that effect.

Halfway through the journey, at the station in the only proper town along the way, there were a couple of younger girls – late teens perhaps – amongst the passengers waiting to get on. One was standing really awkwardly with one leg crossed over the other at the knee, and one hand pressed somewhere around her crotch although I wasn’t sure whether she was actually holding herself. Sure enough, they headed straight for the front of the train (where the toilet was) when they got on. One of the people sitting near it told them that it wasn’t working, and I just heard a loud and exasperated “OH NO”, quite panicked, before they retreated to sit somewhere else. I think they were only going a stop or two and I didn’t see them again, but none of the stations further on were near anywhere likely to have toilets that they could use.

Another time, on a train on the same route but at a later time of day, there were some quite big crowds waiting on the other platform at intermediate stations for a train back into the city, probably having been drinking at home or in their local pubs. No details to report as it was difficult to take much in with such big crowds, but there were certainly some crossed legs and a couple of girls seeming to openly hold themselves.



Another large drunken crowd, all late teens, this time on the last train into a big city from a rural station (with no facilities whatsoever) that’s probably a mile or more from the nearest village. I guess that they were going clubbing in the city, but they’d obviously been partying for a while already. I have no idea where, or how they got themselves to the station, but it must have involved either quite a long walk or a taxi ride (which would probably have got them there with plenty of time to spare). The train was running late too, so I imagine that they’d been there for a while. There were a few girls with obviously tightly crossed legs, one or two doing a little dance too. I didn’t see what happened once they got on the train, but I’d like to imagine that there was suddenly a bit of a queue for the toilet on the train!

Probably my favourite! On the train into another city, I couldn’t help but notice a girl with a really short skirt standing on the other platform at one of the towns on the way. It turned out that she, and her companions, actually wanted our train but the platform had been changed at the last minute. They made it, running very quickly through the subway between platforms, which must have been a sight. Anyway, it was about a fifteen minute journey, and they’d obviously been drinking quite a lot already – just drunken cheeriness, I suppose. 

Nothing really to note until we arrived in the city and they stood up to get off. She stood behind the other two, and suddenly shouted “hurry up, I need a wee really badly”, marching on the spot in quite a dramatic manner. She was holding a little bag in front of herself with both hands and I can’t help but wonder if it was providing cover whilst she held herself. As soon as the doors opened, she shouted “GET OUT! GO! GO!” and waddled off as fast as she could to the toilets further down the platform, bending over quite noticeably as she stopped to push the door open.

*002*2018-12-29 21:50

{{On 12/27/2018 at 12:54 AM, Despguy123 said:

Thanks for posting these, trains (and train stations) seem to be really good places to see people desperate for the loo. One of the most obvious displays of public desperation I have ever seen was a smartly dressed, attractive young woman stood in a queue of people waiting at a bus stop just outside of a small train station in Surrey. The bus was really late and she was clearly absolutely bursting judging by her body language, lots of leg crossing, bending, bobbing and pacing. Also remember catching the train to Reading around the time the music festival was on. 

As the train pulled into a tiny station on the route that had no toilets I saw a beautiful young woman on the platform dressed up for the festival doing a very obvious “need a wee” dance. She got on the train with her friends and she was frantically looking up and down the carriage for the toilets. She was jiggling on the spot and I heard her say “Ok, loo loo loo!”. Luckily for her, the train actually had toilets (a lot don’t on that route). I used to catch trains in and out of London a lot which never had toilets which led to a few desperate moments, especially after a few drinks in the pub.

}}

Thanks for those couple of little ones too - fantastic scenarios again! I'll always keep an eye out for more, of course

