New Record

Author: Here4theFun

*000*2019-11-16 22:34

Last summer I did a 25h hold, and after measured my bladder capacity. Today, I decided I wanted to beat my 1L mark, so I got up to it.

This afternoon I was pretty full so I peed to begin from a 0. Then I drank a tea, a glass of a soft drink and a bottle of water in the span of an hour and a half or so, totaling to 1,1L ( I used the discord bot to record my progress trough the hold.) Later I kept drinking more water and soft drinks, totaling my final liquid consumption to 2,250 L in 3h and 31 mins.

By the time I was at arround 1,8L drunk my need to pee jumped straight from a 4 to a 7 and as I kept filling up so did my bladder. I ended up laying down and fidgeting as I gluped my last bottle of water, my bladder very hard to the touch and protesting loudly. I managed to last arround 20 minutes before the pain began and I knew I needed to move to the bathroom to measure.

I had to make the trip bending down as I knew that if my back was straight I would loose it. Then I got out of my surprisingly dry pj pants and grabbed a 1,5L bottle I had prepared for this ocasion. Squatting in the shower and putting the bottle between my legs was a no no for my bladder, because as soon as my pulsating opening felt something there I was peeing without control, so much that I put the bottle too high and ended up making a bit of a mess in the shower floor.

Finally with some little pauses in between I was mostly empty, so I went to measure with a sharpy and transferring water volumes to where my pee was.

The final results!

Beat my record with 1,150L ( and a bit more as in the mess in the shower floor )

$$

$$

$$

*004*2019-11-17 16:04

{{17 hours ago, SorenLynik said:

You did so good, I'm proud of you!

}}

{{17 hours ago, Red Simpson said:

Nice stuff well done beating your record.

}}

Thank you both!! I am happy I managed to surpass it even if just a little bit

{{13 hours ago, Coinín Beag said:

Congratulations!

Did you have to use a funnel though? Or are you just very accurate?

}}

I used the funel to see how much I peed. I knew it must have been arround a liter but I wanted to know exactly how much hahaha

*007*2019-11-18 21:20

{{On 11/17/2019 at 9:22 PM, Adrian6970wc said:

That's very impressive and ot looks like a nice clear sample too.

}}

Yeah, I made an effort to keep myself hidrated this time!

