Loosing Control at the Mall

Author: HoldingForHim

*000*2020-03-27 06:33

So I recently got into holding in public and learning how far I can push myself without actually wetting in public. In the beginning though I didn’t dare push my bladder for fear of wetting in public. One time I pushed myself too far while in the changing room at Macy’s trying on dresses.

I often like to spend my free time at the mall window shopping and trying clothes on without actually buying them. Normally I’m pretty good at knowing my bladder’s limit. I went to the food court and ordered a large bubble tea and read one of my books.

As I walked around Macy’s I didn’t really feel any need to pee so I decided to try on a few dresses. I made the mistake of wearing tight skinny jeans too. As I’m grabbing dresses to try on I feel a small need to pee but decide against it since I didn’t want to have to put everything back, go pee and then go find everything again. Once in the fitting room I change into the first dress without a problem. It was a long flowing summer dress so I had no problem slipping it on and off. However, the next dress was a very nice formal dress, like the kind you might wear when going out to a nice dinner with friends. I struggled with the zipper only because my arms are short and I had long hair that would often get in the way. The dress is tight once I zip it up. I like tight clothing but the tightness was pushing up against my bladder now. I didn’t realize how full I was until the dress was zipped and I was literally stuck in the dress without an easy way to get out.

Focusing on my uncomfortable feeling in my bladder made it worse, now I was fighting for control so I could take off the dress, put my clothes back on and find the nearest bathroom.

It took me a century to unzip the dress. By this point my panties are getting moist and panic starts to set in. I’m shaking trying to regain control of my bladder so I can open up my legs long enough for me to slip my skinny jeans back on and get my shirt and shoes back on. I knew I was getting dangerously full because when I opened up the changing room door I looked around to see if anyone was in the fitting room hallway. Thankfully no one was around so I grabbed my purse and awkwardly walked with my legs pressed together desperate to find the nearest bathroom

The “Are you fucking kidding me” groans start once I realize the nearest bathroom is across the store. I am in the teen section and the bathroom is all the way across the cosmetic stands and women’s clothing toward the back of the store. Thankfully it's about 8:30pm so there are not a lot of shoppers in the store. I wobble side to side hoping to conceal the need to pee the best I can. After I get past the cosmetic booths. I start to speed up my walk. I quickly realize this is a mistake as my control over my bladder slips. I can feel a small leak escaping creating a wet spot on the back of my jeans. 

Immediately I cross my legs trying to keep anymore pee from escaping. I grow more and more anxious, fearing that peeing in the store could somehow get me arrested. I have to make it to the bathroom I just have to. The only person around is a woman working at the store hanging up clothes. I try to avoid eye contact with her and act as casual as possible by pretending to look at clothing price tags. I probably looked like I was shoplifting with how awkward I was acting. Once she turned around, I continued my leg crossed shuffle toward the bathroom which still felt miles away.

Finally I make it to the bathroom! By now I have to hold with all my might because as soon as I got to the bathroom my bladder suddenly jumped and I nearly lost all control. I struggle to get my pants down. A little more pee leaks out in a spurt and by now I have a noticeable decent size wet spot on the back of my jeans. I am so relieved once I pee. Most of the pee went in the toilet and not on my clothes. 

However, even after using toilet paper to soak up as much pee as possible there is no way I can conceal the wetness of my jeans from mainly the back. In order to get out of the mall and into the car I get the clever idea to use my large purse to cover the front of me and make sure when I walk that no one is behind me. The mall is nearly empty and I am able to walk without much concern to my car. My heart is racing by the time I get to the car, my first unintentional public wetting. Lesson learned, pee first before trying on tight dresses and make sure you know where the nearest bathroom is located.

*002*2020-03-30 15:10

{{On 3/28/2020 at 5:19 AM, desp_wet said:

That was hot, thanks for sharing. Glad no one saw you.

}}

Same so glad I didn't get caught, but it's such an adrenaline rush! I know it's not actually possible but I have this unrealistic fear of being arrested for wetting in public

