Holding and leaking during video conference (with pics and vid)

Author: holding-myself

*000*2020-11-29 21:55

I recently spent some time in home office due to the pandemic and worked a lot with video conferences. I already read some post on here concerning the possibilities this could bring for omo action.

So last week I had a video conference in the afternoon which I knew would last several hours. It started at 13:10 and was scheduled until 15:55. After lunch break I had made myself comfortable at my desk with a cup of green tea and a bottle of water. I had used the toilet after lunch but was still well hydrated from the tea, coffee and water I had had in the morning. So some time after the meeting had started I had finished my cup of tea and could soon feel my bladder filling up again. I got bored and decided to add a little fun by holding my pee until the end of the meeting. So when it was time for the first break at about 14:20 I already felt the need to pee a little bit, maybe a 6/10, but did not go to the bathroom.

Instead readjusted my webcam, so that the other participants were only able to see me from the chest upwards, and went to get a towel and plastic bag to place on my chair beneath me, just to make sure that I didn't make a mess if I should not be able to hold it until the end. I was wearing a black T-shirt and black sports pants with light blue underwear underneath an orange sneaker socks.

The tea and occasional sips I took from my water bottle were working against me, so until the next break at 15:05 I had already reached an 8/10 and now and then gave myself a little squeeze. Of course I skipped the toilet again in that break. Instead I went to refill my bottle of water. When I returned to my desk and the meeting went on I had drunk about 40 oz of water in addition to the tea and begand holding myself more frequently.

&&

15:17

Still 40 minutes to go and I reached 9,5/10. The first leak.

&&

15:36

10/10 now. Another leak and still 20 minutes to go. I pulled down my sports pants and am nearly constantly holding myself directly on my underwear.

&&

15:38

The leaks are coming more frequently. The front side is now quite wet

&&

15:46

Another ten minutes left. Still kneading myself, but the towel beneath my is already moist.

&&

15:54

The meeting should be over by now - but no! The speaker keeps talking and talking, while I sit there squirming and wriggling and squeezing myself, only to helplessly leak again.

&&

16:13

It is finally over! The front side of my panties is completely soaked, as well as my fingers. But I managed to hold the rest.

&&

16:15

Before I get up to finally let go in the bath tub, I struggle on a few moments more to take a picture of my towel for you. It doesn't show very well on the color, but if you look closely you can see the big wet patch where I drenched it.

&&

After that I got up at last, hobbled over to the bathroom, slightly bent over with a firm grip of may hand around myself and got into the tub. There I still held on until the next leak came and then I finally gave in and let it go. I slowly dribbled through my pants for more than three minutes before I was done.

I made a little video after I got in the tub, but had to crop it to reduce the file size. Enjoy!

$iframe allowfullscreen="" data-embedauthorid="76961" data-embedcontent="" data-embedid="embed2984586874" scrolling="no" style="height:467px;max-width:502px;" data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/files/file/7938-desperately-wetting-light-blue-pants/?do=embed"

*001*2020-12-03 14:15

Update: I started holding during another video call right on the next day, but made it till the end without wetting.

