Desperation in the stripclub Part 2 :)

Author: holdingbabe

*000*2024-11-16 18:51

Hi everybody, sorry it took me sooo long to post the rest. I’m glad you enjoyed part 1 so much though 😉

So we had just came down from VIP and i had just peed for over a minute. My customer told me he wanted to go back up to another room if I could get desperate again. I knew i would have to pee again pretty soon because i could feel how weak my bladder was already.

We sat down at a table and he ordered me a couple small bottles of water. I drank one right away but was hesitant to drink the second. I knew I was going to fill up fast but my customer didn’t believe me. Or maybe he did, but he really wanted to watch me squirm 😉. After i started on the second bottle, i felt like i was filling up already. I was maybe at about a 3/10. We went up to VIP and by the time we got in the room i was already at a 5. We sat down, I straddled him and i could already feel my pussy swelling up and getting wet. This was going to be a struggle, but i was excited about it. We were in a 30 min room to start and i was confident i could make it to the end.

Well, boy was i wrong. After only 10 minutes, still gradually sipping on my water bottle, i could feel myself starting to get desperate. I was squirming around, trying to hold myself over my panties, but my customer kept holding my arms in place instead. I was quickly at an 8/10 and starting to panic. I needed to let a little bit out or i was going to burst. My customer allowed me to pee a tiny spurt into his hand (very naughty in the club imo). That actually proved to just hurt me more than help my predicament lol. It was so hard to cut off my stream, my bladder felt weak and sore. It was bulging and i was so desperate. i convinced my customer to let me cross my legs and that helped a bit, but all i could think about was how badly i needed the toilet !

Somehow, i made it to the end of the 30 mins. By this point i was a clear 9.5/10. My bladder hurt, my pussy lips throbbed, and i needed relief asap. My customer told me if i could keep holding a little longer, he’d do 30 more mins. I reluctantly said okay. However, there was an issue with the card or something, it was taking longer to run it. He came back in the room and told me we needed to wait a sec. Hearing that pushed me to a 10/10. I told him if i didn’t pee right now, there would be a huge mess in here and i would be SO fired. We left the room and i was doubled over. I ran into the bathroom as quickly as i could.

If we weren’t in the club, i obviously would’ve loved to have lost it all over him. However, the toilet would have to do. I ran into the stall and could barely get my panties down in time. I peed forcefully and long again. I noticed my panties were sooo wet, i definitely needed to change them after all this. I took another video and showed my customer and he was pleased 🙂

After that night, my bladder felt sore but i felt horny and naughty. It was a fun night, i’ve never done anything like that inside the club. Hope you enjoy 🙂

Also side note, i know i said i have the videos, but im not comfortable posting them for free, it’s just too revealing. But message me in you’re interested, thanks!

*006*2024-11-20 01:53

{{22 hours ago, Wwtmyselfagain said:

When holding like that, how does your bladder hold up for the rest of the night?

I know you mentioned sore. But like after I hold... I can BARELY hold lol. Practically should wear diapers

}}

Umm just sore but i def didn’t need a diaper or anything, that sounds like more at home type of fun 😉

