Desperate on a bus ride home after company party

Author: holding-myself

*000*2022-08-08 11:00

In the days before covid my company gave a big party for all employees with plenty to eat and drink. They also had a bus service organized on which you could take a ride home in the night. There were two buses on different routes that went crisscross through the whole city and the suburbs, so those who were the last ones to get off were facing a long ride. My destination was in the second half of the tour. I'd had plenty of beer and other drinks through the evening, so I went to pee before I got on board. But as you know, alcohol and lots of liquids don't mix well with a rather mediocre bladder capacity.

Normally it's not much more than a 20 minute drive from the place of the party to where I live, but the bus didn't even start on time. It already took like 20 minutes before everybody was inside. When we finally started, the bus went here and there and back again to drop people of, and before long I had to pee again. I thought I was fine, because my stop was maximum an hour away, but time rolled slowly while my bladder filled quickly and it became pretty urgent.

I tried to sit still and relaxed, only shifted my position now and then, but I became ever more restless. There were still people on the seats around me, so I considered placing my jacket on my lap to hide a hand and sneakily hold myself underneath in an attempt to make myself more comfortable. But instead I just leaned forward onto the next seat to reduce the tension around my aching bladder. We came closer to my stop, only about 15 minutes left, so I knew I would be OK.

That was when a woman from our press department, who sat on the seat across the aisle, also complained loudly how she needed to pee. I knew that her stop was at least another 20 minutes away from mine and I don't know how long she'd still had to walk from the bus stop to her home. Unfortunately, I wasn't drunk enough to talk to her about and to tell her that I was bursting as well. I'd love to know how well she made it home that night.

But then my stop came and I could finally get off the bus. As soon as I was out of the door, my hand shot down to my crotch and I squeezed myself tightly. I live in a quiet neighborhood, but it was Saturday night and still light in some windows, so peeing in some bushes or the street right there was no option. It's only a few hundred meters from the bus stop to my house, so I moved on, bent forward and constantly holding myself. When I finally reached my street, I heard voices round the corner, so I had to let go for a short moment which took a lot of concentration not to leak. It was just two other drunk guys, and as soon as I had passed them my hand returned to my crotch. My bladder really hurt by then.

When I finally fumbled the key out of my pocket and opened the door, the need became once more worse, because I was so close to relief now. Somehow I struggled out of my shoes and jacket with one hand and finally made it to the toilet with slightly damp panties...

After all, it was a funny experience

*003*2022-08-11 13:00

Wasn't home alone, so that was no option.

Otherwise, maybe I would have...

*006*2022-08-15 14:10

{{On 8/14/2022 at 8:41 AM, PuddleofmyPee said:

Great story!

}}

Thank you 😊

{{On 8/14/2022 at 1:22 PM, wetchris said:

I wrote somewhere else on here about a similar situation involving a journey after a firms party.. But I went in my trousers as I stood up to get off the coach and had a wet walk home. Only down side was it was in a good suit!

}}

Shame. Did you get it clean again?

