Held 2.6 litres for 5 and a quarter hours

Author: holdit247

*000*2021-07-19 14:41

Hi, I know I've been quiet for ages and sporadic poster at best, but today I think my challenge to myself might interest some of you.

I was away for the weekend at an event, camping, and had a 4+ hour drive home. So I peed before leaving, and set myself the challenge of drinking two x 1 litre water bottles (refillable, for the eco-conscious reader) and 2 x 330ml Diet Coke cans (already in my recycling ;).

I made it near home, and was properly bursting by this point. I'd done just over 4 hours driving without stopping, drunk everything I had with me, and wasn't satisfied. Yes I was really full and desperate, fidgeting (both legs rocking together and outward while I drove) and tense, unable to think about much else, but nowhere near my limit. So I decided two things: firstly, to set myself the target of lasting until 11:30, the 5 hour mark, and secondly, to go via the local supermarket to buy dinner. When I drove into the car park, I realised my desperation had made me sweat, specifically, the nasty sweaty arse-crack that proper desperation can cause. And that had made my shorts a bit damp.

So I had to change, and parked in the far corner of the car park for privacy. My bag of dirty clothes from the weekend away was on the seat behind me, so without getting out of the car I rooted through for some other shorts, then proceeded to change in my car seat. That was quite hard to do without leaking, but I managed, and proceeded into the supermarket. On the walk to the door, I did leak a tiny tiny spurt, not enough to show on my shorts but enough to make me proud I was voluntarily going shopping at that level of desperation.

The shop was uneventful, I felt full but in control, and had a smile on my face under my mask because of what I was doing.

The drive home was also fine, apart from a delay while waiting for an old guy to reverse, very slowly, to let another driver through the other way on a narrow bit of lane. That was typical, and of course, sounds like a made up delay in a story like this. When I got home it was 11:24, so I hadn't peed for just under 5 hours. I was still in control, though would struggle to stand still if I had to talk to anyone.

So I set about unloading the car of all the paraphernalia and dirty washing and so on that comes from a weekend camping. I got all of it inside the house with only one more tiny leak, so I started putting it away but when I had a bigger leak, leaving a wet spot about 20mm across. I'm into challenging myself or my girl, the mental torture, the squirming, capacity and measuring but not wetting. Wetting is just going to result in a smaller than potential measurement. So I immediately went upstairs, and peed into a measuring jug, as you can see in the photo. Just under 1600ml is not my record (though it was a few years ago) but is the best I've managed for 14 months, since my personal best 1800ml was set in May last year.

