My most public and daring wetting: on an interview in front of 1.5k people

Author: Hugo

*000*2020-12-29 08:36

Sooo, I'm always reading you guys but rarely have anything interesting to tell you... until now.

I'm gonna tell you the most public and daring wetting I've has, the story about how I completely leaked a diaper and wet my pants in the middle of a big interview while a thousand people were watching me.

Obligatory disclaimer: I'm mexican so english is not my first language, I'm sorry for any mistakes.

Let me start by telling you I work on a kinda important mexican newspaper as a Community Manager. I've been working from home because covid is kinda bad here. I'm a big fan of wetting and diapers, but since I don't live alone, I haven't had much chance to do it as much as I wanted... until a few weeks ago.

Long context, sorry. I usually do interview with musicians or singers on Instagram Live and it's pretty fun, I've been doing them for a while now.

I had one scheduled for three fridays ago but it got cancelled on last minute and I'd have some time for me that morning. I knew that day I had the house for my own so I went to sleep with a diaper on (Safari Rearz for anyone who cares:)) and woke up kinda wet. When I learnt it was cancelled I decided to stay diapered for a little longer.

So I did my morning pee on my diaper, had breakfast, drank some tea and water, was feeling the need to pee again... when they called me: "Hey, we have some free time in 15 minutes, can we still make the interview?"

Any reasonable mind would have said no, but he was a kinda big artist in Mexico and I didn't wanna miss the chance, so I agreed.

By this time I was already on a 7/10 but I thought I could make it and still use my diaper later since I knew I wouldn't be able to wear for at least a month. So I just got some pants, washed my face and started.

The interview was great. We had a nice talk and around 1500 people were watching us. But it just kept going and at this point I was really fidgety and distracted by my need to pee.

I thought to myself "don't you dare", but also a part of me was feeling naughty and thought it might be fun to do it. Also, I could focus more on the talk. And no one would know, right?? well...

I asked something and he gave me a very looong answer so I just said fuck it, put on my most natural face and did it... I was peeing while this dude was talking to me and a thousand people were watching us.

It felt amazing. First there were little spurts, but then I released it all. I could feel the pee coming out first shyly then super strongly, pooling in my butt, running in my leg... Wait, my leg?! Then I realised: I was leaking!!!

I panicked. I was wearing light pants so it was totally obvious. Some friends and coworkers were watching and I felt my face going red, "this is totally the end for me, why did I do something this risky and stupid???" ... But at that moment I remembered only my face was visible, noone could tell I was peeing a diaper and wetting my pants like a little baby.

I kinda relaxed but felt very nervous still. We kept talking for about 10 more minutes and I could feel the then warm diaper getting colder and colder.

We finished and that was it. My boss who was watching it called me immediatly after ending, i tought maybe he noticed something, but he told me it had been great and he really liked it. "You were very profesional", he said and I just laughed in my wet, heavy secret underpants.

When I stood up from my chair, now completely alone and sure no one was watching, I realised it wasn't really thaaat bad. From the front, My pants looked more like I spilled water on them, but I was still leaking from behind. I took my saturated diaper off with my legs still shaking from adrenaline and procedeed to have fun thinking 'bout the most crazy wetting experience I just had. Until this day, i still can't believe I actually did it and got away with it.

I rewatched it and think it's funny cause the moment is pretty obvious to me but not one soul found out or noticed anything weird, so yay for me!

Maybe could repeat in some future? But definetly in better diapers, I don't wanna lose my job lol.

Let me know what you guys think about it! It'd be great to hear you.

