Small boating adventure

Author: Helena

*000*2021-04-20 15:22

Spring is coming up here, and this past weekend I and my hubby prepared our pleasure craft for the season. It´s not a very big boat, 27 feet, and she is old, but still going strong. It is very nice to have a boat to go out on the water a warm summer evening. You know, some grilled chicken, corn, potato salad and maybe some wine. There are four beds in two cabins onboard, so it´s possible to stay the night.

Well, I was cleaning the aft cabin and my hubby was in the forward cabin. And I felt my bladder badly wanted some relief. So I said "I have to pee so bad...". My hubby answered "Oh, you better go to the toilet then so you not...". And there he stoped, right in the sentence. I didn´t answer and continued to clean.

I got more and more desperate. We had to put in some more things in the boat from our car, and take some other things out from the boat to take home. As you can imagine the boat is at land, so this maneuver had to be done with ladders.

I had to cross my legs and sometimes sneak in a grab in the crotch for not to leak. I didn´t care if my hubby saw me. He still didn´t say anything. About half an hour later we were done and I could barely stand still. Finally I had to say "I leaving for the bathroom" and hurry to the club house. I wanted to pee myself so bad! But that was not an option. There were other members in the boat club present, and I had light blue tight jeans on, not the best one to hide an "accident".

So I went to the loo. But I couldn´t resist. I peed some in my panties, and there was a wet stain forming in my crotch area. Quite visible. I stopped. Just a little more... And I peed again. The wet, dark, stain continued down my inner thighs. Not very long, but visible.

I finished in the toilet and hurried out again. Just passed a club member, but she didn´t see anything.

My hubby waited in the car outside and I got in the car at the passenger side. He looked at me, and down my pants. "Almost made it, I can see...", he said and smiled. "Yes, almost", I replied. He drove away and said "Did you wet yourself on purpose?". I hesitated and answered in a lower, childish, voice. "Yes, I did it on purpose... it´s wet." Then the conversation ended. By the time we came home my jeans had dried a little, but the stain was still visible if you looked. Our children was away, so I stayed in my wet jeans when we unpacked the car and put things in place.

Just a small adventure. But still... nice.

*006*2021-04-21 10:23

{{18 hours ago, DiminishingReturns said:

Hopefully at some point he, took good care of you?

}}

He sure did. And I of him.

