My first omorashi

Author: hfgghfh

*000*2017-09-18 13:09

Hey guys! I just wanted to post about my first omorashi! (I mean sure I've peed/wet myself HEAPS of times before then! But I wasn't doing it on a full bladder so it really true omorashi!)

Anyway... Here it goes!

It all started at about 8:00 I wanted to, well... Do omorashi I guess! So I drank about 3 litres of cordial over the course of half an hour and went to bed... (Ok I saved about 500 mls or something but I quickly drank it as soon as I hopped in bed) I was passing the time by playing with my phone I snuck in bed with me (e.g. Playing a few games, Browsing this site etc.) until about 9:30 when it started getting painful (I have a strong bladder so I wasn't wanting to go to the bathroom because I needed to go, it just hurt!) I was going to wet the bed but if my mum knew she would have to strip the bed and I would have to sleep on my brother's spare bed (which is REALLY uncomfortable!) so I was going to have to find a way to relieve my sore, aching bladder without anybody knowing so I considered my options...

1. I could go to the upstairs bathroom... But my sister is using it...

2. I could pee in my empty bottle... But since my sister is using the bathroom I won't be able to empty it in the sink...

3. I could try not to look desperate as I pass my parents to use the DOWNSTAIRS bathroom... But that would be really hard considering my aching bladder...

I took about half an hour to consider my options and decide to go downstairs (I mean technically I pretty much had no choice but anyway...) I pass by my parents and head to the bathroom, which turned out to be suprisingly easy! (Like I said, I've got strong control!) finally! I get to relieve my sore, aching bladder moaning out to me in pain! Finally I can release my warm, sweet urine and get the pleasure I rightfully deserve! I relax and slowly put pressure on my bladder as my pee trickles out of my body and enjoys a warm welcome from the water in the toilet bowl! It feels!... IT FEELS!!...

Like a normal pee I guess... (Can't really say much else about it...)

I was pissed off about how I put pain on my bladder for nothing! (But I wasn't too angry about it...)

Anyway when I finished I hopped back into bed and had enough battery to post my story to you guys!

Feel free to share your inescapable Omorashi moments or give me some advice to wet/pee myself unnoticed!

*001*2018-07-27 05:51

My god, I forgot about this thread.

Could we just, forget about this please?

*003*2018-07-28 03:47

{{1 minute ago, AD51 said:

Maybe necroing it was a bad idea if you wanted people to forget. But why? You shouldn't feel embarrassed if sounds like you had fun.

}}

Well the reason why i necroed this thread was because people were upvoting it, anyway this thread was from years ago

*005*2018-07-28 21:48

{{7 hours ago, BENAir01 said:

Please don’t necro threads. Just don’t. Especially if you didn’t want people to remember it.

}}

Didn't i just explain why i did it?!

*007*2018-07-28 21:53

{{Just now, Bluesman59 said:

Why do you want to get rid of it? It’s not a bad post.

}}

It's just that this thread reminds me of my old days of this account and i would like to put that behind me.

*009*2018-07-28 21:58

{{2 minutes ago, Bluesman59 said:

Fair enough. Personally, I don’t hate the post. But if you want to get rid of it, go for it.

}}

Well i don't necessarily want to get rid of it, but i just want this thread to die off.

