Last train home

Author: homeanddry

*000*2021-09-22 21:54

A few little stories to tell from some trips on Saturday evening trains over the last few weeks...

The first one started unexpectedly when I stepped outside the main station in a large city, and stopped to check my phone, to see how my train home was running. All was well - it was still expected to turn up on time. I became distracted by a significant trickling noise at my side, though. I was standing next to a little bit of a retaining wall, and it was the sort of trickle that you might expect after some heavy rainfall, as puddles on the top overflow and pour down the side. It hadn't been raining, though! I instinctively looked down to my right, and saw a girl in a short dress squatting down (in full view of a lot of people) and letting loose, making - as I said - a significant trickling noise. I don't know why she hadn't gone to use the toilets in the station, but it was obvious that she probably couldn't have waited much longer. Maybe there's been a queue!

Anyway, I had about half an hour until my train, so I went for a little bit of a walk into the city, just to see how busy it was really (it was busy!). There was nothing much to see though, other than a man who seemed to be making quite a drama of hugging his girlfriend, stopping her walking. "But you don't need a wee!", she exclaimed! They walked off in front of me, anyway, purposefully but not really briskly, before turning down a side street a few minutes later.

Back to the station, and it was maybe fifteen minutes until departure time now. This particular train only arrives a few minutes before it goes out. I went to the toilet (boring, sorry) and to fill my water bottle up, and returned to the platform to wait. There were quite a few people waiting already, one of whom seemed to be having quite a hard time. She certainly couldn't stand still, seemed to be crossing her legs in between wandering around in little circles, occasionally bending forward, all that sort of thing. I don't know if she's contemplated going to the toilets, but it would've been a bit of a rush by now, by the time she'd walked there and probably queued too.

The train arrived quite soon after, anyway, and everyone slowly shuffled on. Quite a few more people had turned up by now, so it was quite busy. I wandered up to the front to get on there, which just happened to be where the only toilet was. There was already a queue, and just as I got there from the outside, that same girl got there having walked/pushed through the train - "OH MY GOD!", she exclaimed upon seeing the queue, clearly struggling now, properly bending forward and crossing her legs as she waited. The next person to go in wouldn't let her go first (she made a sort of squeaky noise in response), but the second person did, and she rushed in with grateful thanks.

Completely unexpectedly, three stops into the journey, just when it would normally start getting quiet, the train was completely inundated! There'd been some sort of festival on, apparently. There was no chance of anyone getting in to use the toilet after that - even if someone who needed it could get to it, there were people standing in there just because they had nowhere else to stand. At the next stop, half an hour later, in another big city, there was another big crowd waiting to get on, taking up any space vacated by those getting off, so the situation was repeated. It'd then take a bit over an hour to get to the next big city, which is where quite a few people were trying to get to, with quite a few stops on the way. 

Apparently the previous train had been cancelled, so those boarding here would've been waiting on the platform for quite a while (this particular platform in a particular major city station is quite a way from the main station facilities - if you know, you know...). The situation was perpetuated - no-one could get to the toilet. I imagine that there were a few desperate struggles! At one rural station, five lads emerged at the very back of the train, pleading with the guard to wait for them whilst almost simultaneously unleashing a torrent against the wall at the back of the platform (in full view of everyone).

Into the next big city, eventually, anyway. A lot got off (many rushing straight to the toilets on the station) but a lot more got on. For them, now, it was the last train home to the next stop, a nearby town. I guess that there was now just about enough space for anyone who needed the toilet to be able to get to it, but it was only about a fifteen minute journey so not many would have the chance. The train stopped, with the station staff waiting to usher everyone off the platform into the subway to the other side, and get locked up so that they could go home. One girl emerged onto the opposite platform, hurriedly walking towards the toilets and briefly holding herself too. No such luck - they'd already been locked up for the night, and she dejectedly headed out of the station instead, presumably with few options in the limited time available to her.

That was it, for that journey. The final half hour was blissfully quiet in comparison to what had just passed. The final little chapter had to wait until this Saturday just gone - another busy train carrying a lot of people home from an evening in the city, but a local train this time. Most of them were heading to the big town half an hour away. There were quite a few people who had to stand, and it was really rowdy - there was a toilet at the other end of the coach (the toilet in the other coach had stopped working), but it would've been difficult to get to it. One particular girl was sitting on a table with a couple of friends, apparently surrounded by strangers.

I couldn't hear what they were saying, nor did I particularly try to listen, but occasionally a word or two carried itself over the general hubbub..."wee", "toilet", "piss myself". Just before the train arrived at the station in the big town (a small station with no facilities!), though, I heard it loud and clear: "BUT I NEED A WEE!". It became apparant that she was going to try and push her way through to the toilet, but her friends and the strangers were trying to tell her that she didn't have time - which indeed she didn't. She stepped out onto the platform, briefly confused and insistent that they'd got off at the wrong station, but noticeably with her hand cupping what appeared to be a noticeably bulging bladder. She walked carefully off, not really showing any more signs of desperation other than taking very little steps, but she looked definitely uncomfortable!

