Closest Call I've ever Had

Author: Howfullisit

*000*2021-01-25 06:42

So my job requires me to be at a phone for multiple hours a day, and then i shift off with someone else to do other stuff.

I am 22 and kinda chubby, I've only measured once at 1200ml, and i'm pretty sure i've held more. My specialty though is how i am a power pisser, my stream is incredibly strong and its my personal omo ability( i guess if we had super powers lol). The problem with that is if I let go even a tiny amount, i'm flooding. So I don't really leak ever.

This particular day I was running behind so I didn't get a chance to take a pee break before taking up the post. Normally after, i'd be ready to let go a pretty good piss, and skipping the before pee was worrying. Especially since I drank more coffee than normal before getting to work. The problem is, I didn't know how long i'd be behind the desk so of course i was nervous. I have never pissed myself outside of my home. The first two hours I felt the pressure building evenly, and because off the video recording, I couldn't hold myself or anything.

I answered phone calls, distracting myself as much as I could but my bladder was beginning to scream at me. I fanned my legs below the desk, every now and then scratching( actually holding) myself. Usually I was only there for 3 hours, I was hoping so at least. The next hour my bladder went from uncomfortably full to beyond bursting, I had to pee so freaking bad. I was so close to saying fuck it and running to the toilet, but I needed my job so I sat there basically torturing my bladder. Every minute felt like eternity, I was not going to embarrass myself so I kept it in like my bladder was made of iron. I also hadn't stood up in 3 hours so I knew that when I did stand, it may break the seal. I called my replacement at that point

"Hey when do you think you'll come and replace me?" I asked her.

"probably not for another 30, why whats up?" She questioned.

"I'm about to piss my pants so quicker the better!" I said with a laugh.

"Haha ok i'll be there as soon as I can" She hung up. I bowed my head

I was now incredibly sure I was going to piss myself. I could feel the piss trying to explode from my dick. I had my legs twisted with my penis between them.

She walked in, and I immediately stood and doubled over. "Ok i'm head to the restroom, thank you!" I didn't give her a chance to say anything no hi's or anything, I ran out of the room, down the hall to the mens room. My boss was standing at the urinal, I quickly moved into the stall unbuckled my belt began pissing immediately, I was pissing so hard my pee hole felt like it was splitting open more. I let go off a soft moan and my boss said "damn you needed that boy." I didn't respond, just stood there pissing like a faucet.

