No bathrooms, but a lot of beer for us girls

Author: holdinggirl94

*000*2016-10-11 16:52

I'm sorry if my English grammar will be bad sometimes, but that's because English is not my main language. Ooh and by the way, I wrote this last Saturday, so the festival was on Friday;)

###

So this is a story about something that occurred to me (a 22-year-old, small, blond girl) yesterday evening together with my best friend (a 18-year-old, small too, but not as small as me, brunette girl).

I really like to hold my pee when I'm at home, but when I'm in public with no bathrooms at all, I absolutely don't wanna hold, because I'm way to scared about having a public accident.

It was a long time ago so I thought it would be a good idea to do a hold again. I was home alone and my best friend couldn't come over because she had to go to a birthday with her parents, so I was bored.

It was like two hours or something after I called with my best friend, before I started to drink for my hold. It was around 8:30pm at that point and I just started to drink half a liter of water, but after I finished my bottle, my best friend called me again. That seemed weird, because I thought she would be on that birthday party already, but I answered the phone. Maybe it would have been better if I didn't, because she called to tell me that her parents couldn’t make it on time yesterday evening, because they came back from their holiday and they were stuck in traffic, so she would stay home and because of that she was bored and wanted to go somewhere else with me.

She told me that there was some kind of festival with a lot of music and stuff and she'd love to go there. At first I had doubts, because I just drank half a liter of water, but I thought "why not?

I will just pee when we arrive there and half a liter isn’t that much too hold right?", so I said yes and at 9 she came over to pick me up with her car, she was a few years younger than me, but still old enough to have her driver license, because she's 18.

Then she suddenly told me something I didn't expected. She told me that there were no bathrooms at that festival, which sounded kind of weird to me, because at what kind of festival don't they have a bathroom? But she told me it would be best to pee before we left, but I already knew that my bladder was still empty, because that half a liter of water was still running through my body, but what should I have done? I couldn't say no anymore, so I still decided to try to pee, but unfortunately there of course wasn’t any pee coming out of my pussy… :S

I just thought I could handle it, because I knew that my best friend had really strict parents and when they were back home, which must have been before 12 o clock, they wanted her back home at 12 too, so with that in mind, I got in the car and we drove to the festival. Again; biggest mistake ever.

After 20 minutes we arrived at the festival, we parked the vehicle and got to walk to the entrance. Right at the moment I got out of the car, the cold weather wasn’t doing great for my bladder. I immediately felt a wave through my bladder. It seemed that while we were driving, my bladder started to fill up, but it wasn’t that bad, so I didn’t worry.

We had to pay entrance, which is unbelievable for a place with no bathrooms, but then there was something I didn’t expected. We got 3 coins for a beer, with every coin you could buy one beer, so that was the reason for the entrance, you paid your beer, before you even decided to even get beer. It kind of enlightened me that there should’ve been so many people with full bladders, because of the “free beer and no bathrooms” thing. The only problem was that I had to drink the 3 beers, because otherwise my best friend would get suspicious.

My best friend paid for me too, because of the fact that she wanted to go there so badly. Right after she paid, my best friend immediately wanted to get a beer, which wasn’t that great for my bladder, but if I’d say no, it’d look really weird, because of the fact that she actually paid my coins.

After a while it was 10:30pm and my bladder was more and more filling up with that extra beer. My best friend asked me if I wanted another beer too, because she was going to get one, but I thought it would be better to said no, so that’s what I did. She answered “You still have two coins, you know that right? It’d be a waste of my money if you wouldn’t use them and I don’t want more than 3 beers too.” But I said I’d drink it in half an hour.

So it was 11 o clock when my best friend was going to get another beer, so I took my second beer too. Because I knew that my best friend always has to be home at 12, I knew that I could drink it fast and after I drank it, I immediately got my last beer too.

After half an hour, it was 11:30pm and I could fill my bladder fill up amazingly fast. I knew we would go home in 10 minutes or something, because we still had a 20 minutes’ drive to go and I was so happy of that, because my bladder was at its fullest. I already drank 1.4 liters, but at that moment someone gave us each another beer, because they bought extra and it was too much them, so I drank it to get to a 1.7 liters of fluid in my body.

At 11:45pm I was absolutely bursting for a wee. Normally I would love this, but when I was in public, I couldn’t get an accident right? And I could feel that my vagina was already getting wet. I just really wanted to go home as soon as possible, sit on the toilet and just pee like a deflating ocean. Why wasn’t she telling me that we had to get back home?

Like 5 minutes later she looked at her watched and I thought “Yeah finally we can go home and I can finally release myself”, but she seemed not to care about the fact it wasn’t already 10 minutes before 12, so I asked her if we shouldn’t get home, because of her parents. Then she told me something I could really cry about: “No, my dad just texted me that they took a hotel for the night, because the traffic problems still are really bad, so we can stay as long as we want. That last sentence was just repeating in my head: “As long as we want.. As long as we want..” I couldn’t believe it, I was about to explode and I absolutely had to find a way to relieve myself now, but I just couldn’t. I just had to hold it in with all the strength I had.

At 12:15 I just couldn’t take it anymore and I said I thought I say someone and knew and ran away, well ran.. As fast as I could at least. I saw it wasn’t that busy at the entrance anymore and at that place they had a big advertising sign, so I decided I could sit down behind that sign and relieve myself. I just sat down and started to pee, but immediately there was a guy coming at me, so I was really shocked, stood up and ran away, but at least I was able to run again, because I peed a little, maybe just like 0.1 or 0.2 liters, but the highest pressure was at least gone..

I got back to my best friend and she immediately gave me another beer, because she got an extra coin for herself and one for me. I couldn’t believe it. She was so enthusiastic when giving me that beer and I was like “Nooo.. Not again..”. I couldn’t believe that she didn’t have to pee that badly, was it all just because I drank that extra half a liter at home, that I had to go so badly and she didn’t? I do know her for a really long time and I knew that she has a really small bladder, so I thought that she must have had to pee really badly too, but that she just didn’t tell (just like I didn’t tell her my bladder was about to explode). I just drank the beer she gave me and it was getting harder and harder to hold on. It was a cold night too and I was wearing a really short skirt, so that wasn’t making it any better.

I hold it in until 12:45, when I knew that I wasn’t going to make it, so I had to tell her, that I had to go so badly, that we had to get home. I stood up and right after that she already told herself that she wanted to go home, so I couldn’t agree more on that and we left the festival.

We walked to the car and when we got in, she told me that she was wet as f** because she was leaking pee already. (I knew it! She couldn’t hold her pee that long, her bladder was way too small and the beer she drank couldn’t stay in her body forever). But then she told me something else: “You know, there was a reason I was holding it in. As you saw, I was talking to a really hot guy for the biggest part of the evening and I was kinda getting a bit horny of him, but when I hold my pee, which I sometimes do on purpose , I get even hornier, so I kinda liked that”. It seemed liked a perfect moment to tell her that I liked it too, because maybe we could do something naughty together, but I was still kind of scared to tell her, so I just told her that I had to pee really badly too. The only thing she said was “Nice!” and right after that she started the engine and began to drive.

It was weird, 5 minutes after we left, I was getting horny of the fact that I was just so unbelievable full of water and beer. Maybe it was because we weren’t in public anymore and we were both just really full of pee? I didn’t know, but I looked at my best friend and she seemed to have just as much trouble holding it as I did. The only difference was that she had to drive and I saw that it was too much for her to do that.

We got at a traffic light and she took her right foot to the brake, so we would stop, but when she tried to push the clutch with her left foot, it seemed impossible for her. The engine stalled and she told me “I just have to press my legs against each other or otherwise I will pee my skirt”. She tried to start the engine again and we went on with our trip home. She had a really short skirt too, just like me and I saw her beautiful looking slim legs pushing against each other. Was I getting more horny from my best friend right now? I just wanted her to pee herself right in front of me so badly. I couldn’t get my eyes of her beautiful legs.

After a minute or so, she looked at me and said: “Nice huh? I’m about to explode and it seems that you like it, don’t you?“ Before I could even answer, she looked at my legs and said: “Well, it seems you’re having trouble holding the flood in too, right? You’re rubbing your legs against each other as f**”. I didn’t know what to say, but I wasn’t able to say something too, because she continued “I’m just so wet right now, that I have to go to the toilet at your place, because I can’t hold it in until I’m home.” Her house was like a 15 minute ride from my house and her bladder was really full, that was for sure.

It was like 1:15am when we arrived at my place. I live on my own, so I didn’t have to bother anyone when I got home. I wanted to run to the toilet as fast as possible, but my best friend pushed me to the wall and her body firmly against mine and said “You can’t hold it in anymore? Is it really that bad?” I didn’t know what to say or to think anymore. I was getting wetter and wetter down there. Not just because I was leaking more pee every second, but also because I could feel my best friends full bladder pushing against mine and I was getting so horny, that I couldn’t resist but to kiss her, so I did and I turned my right leg around hers and I wanted to do something naughty so bad, but I just couldn’t think clearly anymore, because of my full bladder.

It all went so fast after that, we kept kissing each other and suddenly she was taking of my clothes. I was kinda nervous, but I did the same with her clothes, we got into my bedroom and push her on my bed, but when I pushed her, I felt on her, which was unbearable for my bladder, so I just peed all over my best friends naked body. She just liked it, she was spreading it all over her beautiful body. She told me “That was really warm pee, so hot! Can you please lay down? I have to get rid of some hot pee too and I know you want it on your body, so hurry up, before I lose it, because it’s even harder to hold on when I’m lying on my bed.” I didn’t even have to think, I just lay down and she peed all over me. It was so unbelievably hot.

She gave me a kiss and told me to do a hold together soon. After that, she went to the fridge and took a big bottle of water out of it. She drank 1 liter and said ”Well, I’m going home now, I hope there won’t be any traffic I run into, because I think I can’t hold this liter inside of me for so long, bye.” She winked at me and left my house.

I couldn’t realize what happened, but I knew that this would’ve changed our friendship in a good way :)

I drank a glass of water and got to bed, because I was really tired, but at 6 o clock this morning, my doorbell was ringing. I didn’t know what was going on at such an early point of time, so I got to the door to find my best friend standing there with her hands between her legs, bouncing up and down, begging me to let her use my toilet, so I let her in and she ran to the toilet and pulled me in with her. She pulled down her skirt and I saw a flood of pee coming out of her vagina.

I didn’t get it, what happened? Did she go home or not? Because she still had the same clothes on as yesterday and she seemed really tired too. But then she told me “You know, when I left your house, that guy called me why I had to leave already, because the festival was still going on, so I told that we wanted to go home, because it was getting really cold. But then he told me that I could wear his jacket if I wanted too and he just begged me to get back there. So that’s what I did, although I had that liter of water already inside me, it was just unbearable to hold it in the whole night at the festival again, but I couldn’t hold it in until I’d be home and I just wanted to let you know how badly I had to pee again.” After telling me this, she left my house and I was just hoping that there will be much more pee events for us like this.

I hope you guys enjoyed my experience ;)

