(female) Wetting myself at school

Author: Hazel

*000*2017-05-30 14:05

Im unfortunately still in the education system and there have been times where i have gotten very desperate. this being one such times. At our school they have a rule where you cant go to the restroom 10 minutes before or after the bell. This event happened 10 minutes before the bell because on the last period of the day because i was too shy to go and ask the teacher before this happened. Disclaimer: some things might not have happened directly on the 9 minute mark lets say, it may have been 8 or 8.5 minutes.

10 minutes: Me and my table group were working on a group project, and i really had to pee. i had my legs very tightly crossed and was squirming quite a bit. i was also trying to hide the fact that i needed to go though so i put my textbook in my lap and some other things (dont worry the textbook didnt get wet) to mask it.

9 minutes: One of my friends looked over and asked if i was okay, i told her i was fine and another one of my friends looked over and said that i dont look fine, i told him i was fine. I wasnt even working anymore just trying to hold it.

5 minutes: I was starting to think i wasnt going to make it, but i was so close. All the sudden i felt a little bit of warmth slide from my abdomen down and spurt out of the place i wanted to keep as dry as i could. i knew this wouldnt show because it was a very short spurt but it didnt help my bladder any and i was like 100x more desperate.

3 minutes: i had been able to stay dry between the last bit and now but now was the challenge i had been dreading, i had to go back to my seat, which meant standing up without looking conspicuous and getting over to my chair. i quickly tied my jacket around my waist, just in case things didnt go the way i wanted. as i walked over to my chair i felt a slow but steady trickle filling my panties. I was later very glad i used my jacket.

2 minutes: I knelt by my chair and started putting my things in my chair but was able to get into a position where my heel was able to hold myself and my jacket covered up what was going on. this made holding 100x easier.

1 minute: we sat in our seats and waited for the bell. I was doing everything in my power to hold it. and it was working to some extent. i felt more liquid start to shift down my abdomen. just a little bit longer i told myself. i felt a 1 second spurt shoot into my panties. i knew there was going to be a wet spot by now but i knew if i looked at it it would draw attention to it.

Bell rang: I ran out of that class. i didnt care about the no running rule, i just wanted to get to the bathroom. With every step that i took i felt a mini spurt shoot out of me, and then i saw it. the bathrooms. i ran in, sat down, and peed for a good minute or too. i checked the damage. this is where i am so glad i decided to bring my jacket today. there was quite a lot visible from the outside and i was wearing light blue jeans which showed the liquid very well. I tied my jacket around my waist again and headed home, knowing that that was a very close call, but also knowing that i enjoyed it.

