Trampoline wetting

Author: hallie

*000*2020-11-21 16:41

Quite a few years ago i had a trampoline in my backyard, it since broke, but i got a lot of fun memories from it. It was absolutely perfect for naps in the sun. I also used to find myself on the trampoline while holding. Leaking wasn’t uncommon, and I’d often get little wet puddles on the black material that would dry extremely quick in the sun, so it was very sneaky. My panties stayed pretty wet, but they stayed hidden under my skirt. Quite a few times I’d kneel with my knees parted, and pee slowly through my panties. As the material dips under weight, the pee would pool into the one area and simply soak through and drip onto the grass below. It was thrilling. The loud pitter patter onto the grass always made me hot- it felt so exposing in the best way possible. I’d let my panties finish dripping before laying down away from the glistening dark patch feeling absolute bliss as i soaked up the sunshine. I miss that trampoline.

Bonus story!

If you live anywhere really hot in the world you’d probably know that spilling liquid onto burning hot pavement/concrete makes a little fizzy sound.

Around the same time as the trampoline fun, I’d hold for hours outside until I was absolutely bursting, forbidding myself from going inside. When i couldn’t hold it anymore, either leaking or on the verge of leaking, I’d go to a hidden spot in my backyard behind my house, and squat with my back resting against the wall- my thighs often shaking, and let go, watching the light gray concrete turn dark as it spread across the ground, and i’d always hear that soft fizzle sound of the liquid meeting the scorching ground. Good times.

Has anyone else noticed that fizz noise too? I don’t think I’ve ever asked anyone about that lol

*006*2020-11-22 17:57

{{29 minutes ago, Golden Slumber said:

I forgot all about this. But I remember when I was younger my neighbor had a trampoline everyone would go there to jump on. I remember one day jumping together and I really had to pee but didn't want to stop so we kept holding it tell we bounced into one another and than I fell back and when I did I remember wetting myself on his trampoline uncontrollably.

I remember he just starred and asked me if I was peeing my pants I don't remember what I said but I eventually ran off home to change. I remmeber passing my dad and he asked why I was rushing and I just told him I really needed to pee... I dont know if he noticed I already wet myself or not lol but I hurried inside.

}}

Oh my god- bless. Something really similar happened to me when i was younger too. Going off these comments it seems trampolines have been pretty unforgiving lol

