Motorboat trip

Author: huberp76

*000*2021-05-04 18:20

A short experience from my youths.

A friend and i we had the same habit about girls. We did like it if girls were desperate to pee, if they needed to wee really bad, but did not go, or could not go, or was not allowed to go.

We did search for opportunities, where we could make girls hold and wait.

One different between us was, that i did and i still like very slim girls and he like them more curvy.

My friends father had a motorboat on a lake, not far from our down.

He had the idea to make a boat trip with two girls from our school.

First we went with my father’s car to the lake and then with his father’s boat to a little island.

We have been absolutely alone on this little island, there have been no trees and no bushes.

My friend did know that island and he told me that there would be no hide where the girls could wee.

They had two opportunities, one to wee in view of us, or they had to hold it the entire day. Both imaginations were exciting for us.

It was late spring, the sun was warm, but the water was to cold for to go in, for to wee.

We had enough to eat and much to drink on the boat and we had two planked’s, to lie on and to take a sunbath.

The girls did wear tiny bikini’s and they have been both sexy at their way.

“My “ girl, they were both not our girlfriends to that time, my girl was sporty and very slim. Her breast’s were small and firm, her thighs were slim and her belly was flat with pregnant hipbone’s.

The second girl was round with large breasts, with thighs not really thick, but not slim, her ass was roundly and absolutely not small, but her belly was flat too.

She was not a cubby girl, she was a curvy girl.

We had both exactly the kind of girl that we liked.

We did lie on the blanket, caressed our girls, kissed them and had our hands there were boys like to have them on a girls body.

It was afternoon, we did drink a lot since morning, my friend pissed twice, since we were on the island, i and the girls not even once.

I was needing to go, but I like it need to go but don’t go, i like the feeling of a full bladder and a strong urge, especially when i am with a girl who has her bladder full and would need to wee pretty bad too.

The girls must have a full bladder in their bellies, after drinking so much and don’t wee for so long.

I have always my special ways to test the fullness of a girls bladder and the intensity of her urge.

My girl did lie on her back, with her face to the sun, i did lie on my side and putted my thigh on her belly, in a way that my knee was between her navel and her public bone, exactly there where her bladder was and then i pressed my knee in her belly.

She moaned, but did not say something, i could feel how she tensed her muscles to hold her wee in.

I wanted more, i did lie myself half on her slim body, so that my hipbone pressed with my full weight on her bladder.

”Be careful, don’t press so hard on my belly, i am needing to wee so bad, i pee my panties if you push my bladder.” she whispered in my ear, so silently that the other’s could not hear it.

”I can feel that you like that.” she said and pressed her belly against my hard dick.

“ Don’t you need to go, you have not been all day too?” she wanted to know.

I told her that i would need to go, but that i am good in holding and that i can wait really long if i want it.

”Me the same !” she answered and smiled.

What a naughty, dirty girl, i thought to myself and was getting the desire to torture her bladder, to fill it up to and over its limit.

Sometimes later my friends girl said that we have to leave, because she is needing a loo.

My friend told her that she could squad here anywhere.

She would not do that she answered. It is not late now, he said, she should hold it for one or two hours longer, she is a big girl, he is sure that she would be able to do that.

”What do you think what i am doing, i need to go since before noon!” she answered a little bit angry.

”You are one of the boys who think that girls don’t need to wee, or that girls have to be able to hold it until they get a chance to go, no matter how bad they would need it.”

Just if we hold it sometimes for hours on end, doesn’t mean that we would not need to go, we sometimes don’t have a good opportunity so that we are forced to hold it.”she said.

I was surprised that he said “One more hour!?” and i was surprised that she agreed and said “okay, one hour, but no more!”

That was so exciting for me to know that she was needing to wee since hours, that she had to go really urgently and it was arousing to know that my girls bladder in her slim abdomen, was overfilled and stretched too.

I pressed both hands of my girl on the ground and did lie my body with all the weight on her thin body. My hard dick was between our bellies and pressed hard on our bladders.

That was torture pure, but i did know that she did like to get tortured this way.

She moaned and was shivering under my body, from needing to wee so bad. So more she was shivering, the harder i pressed.

I was so horny that i wanted to fuck her at the moment and i think that she wanted to get fucked too, but we could not do that with our friends beside.

Not even one hour later, the curvy girl had her solid thighs pressed hard together and said “I can’t anymore, all my belly hurts from needing to pee so bad. Look at my lower abdomen, how swollen it is!

That can not be healthy to hold it back for so long until it gets painful.”

I putted my hand on the belly of my girl, exactly there where her bladder was visible bulging out.

“Oh, your belly is swollen too, would my girl need to wee too?” i said and pressed hard in her belly.

”Sadist!!” she said, but did let me do it, she did let me massage her bladder.

Oh what a little slut, i thought to myself, close to cum in my swimming trunks.

In the boat, on the way back, the curvy had both hands pressed in her crotch and her thighs crossed over her hands.

I think she had one of her fingers pressed on her pee hole, because if she changed her thighs, to cross them to the other side, i could see how the fabric of her bikini panty was pushed deep in her girl slit.

She was desperate, she was frantic and she was angry.

”That was my first and my last boat trip! I never go again somewhere where i can’t piss if i need to.” she said.

She did not wee since 8 hours, not really a long time, for a healthy, young girl, but she did drink a lot all day long and it seams, that she was not a really good “holder “!

My girl and me, we had the same situation, we did not pee since more than 8 hours and we did drink a lot during the day, but we did like it!

For me is was a absolutely exciting situation and it was arousing too, to see the bellies from the girls swollen and full with their overfilled bladders.

As soon as we arrived, the curvy girl did get on the bank and went, with both hands between her thighs, to the nearest bush.

Wie could hear her pissing sound, it was loud and long!

“That was really urgently and necessary, or?” said my friend.

”That was more than urgently, i thought my bladder will burst, so bad was that.” she answered, still angry.

”What’s about you?” I asked my girl and smiled.

”I am holding it!” she replied and smiled back “and you?” she wanted to know.

”Me too.” I answered. It was like a competition between us.

On the way home, we stopped at a Mc Donald’s. As we walked in, she whispered in my ear “if you don’t go, i don’t go too!”

Our both bladders were expand to the size of a soccer ball, we needed to go really, really bad, but we did not.

We did eat a burger and did drink a Coke and went back to my car, with our bladders full to explode.

The curvy and my friend went again before we did leave. I think that the girl did not even notice, that we did not pee the entire day, my friend did know what kind of game we played.

I did bring both to their home, first the girl, then my friend.

“Keep dry and make her hold ” whispered my friend to me, as he did take his bags from behind.

We were now alone in the car and i said “ we did take a great risk, what would happen if there is a accident and we have to stay in the car for hours , how much longer could you endure it?” i asked.

”My bladder and i, we could endure more, if we had to. One, two or three hours would not be a problem, she replied and caressed her swollen bladder with her hand.

I could not resist and pressed hard on her overfilled bladder, she should get punished for her arrogance, she should show me what she can endure.

”That is not really fair.” she said and crossed her slim legs as hard as she could.

“Maybe not fair, but really, really good!’ I said.

I have been horny nearly the entire day, i wanted sex with her, sex with our bladders full like that, no wee before for the thin girl.

I did take her home, we went to my room, i stripped her and did lie her in my bed. It was amazing how swollen her thin belly was, her bladder was bulging from hipbone to hipbone and up to her navel.

I was our first sex together, but not our last. It was absolutely great.

I have more experience with her, where she was full to burst.

She did absolutely know to turn me on.

Sometimes she said “I need to wee really bad, should i go or should i hold it?” What a question!!?

She asked me that before we went to the cinema, or before a car ride and did always hold it for hours more.

Once at afternoon she told me that she would need to wee really, really bad, because she has not been at the loo this morning, she did not wee since yesterday evening.

She did know that she could make me crazy with that.

She did like to torture her bladder, to tease me with her pee desperation.

The fuller her bladder was, the more she was needing to wee, the better was the sex with her, especially when i squeezed and pressed hard on her poor bladder.

