Acupuncture (just made it!)

Author: Hedgehogs

*000*2023-05-29 19:23

This story happend about 10 years ago, I was 19 back then. In those days I was in acupuncture treatment. I had gone about 3 times before and by now knew the routine.

I would go there, get the needles inside me, and would lay still as much as possible as moving hurted. Then after about 20-30 minutes the needles would be taken out of me. I knew there was a restroom there but never had to use it. Usually came out of university and afterwards went home without a problem. This time was different however.

I felt perfectly fine bladder wise going in. And as I laid down the needles were put in one by one. Nothing out of the ordinary. This time however I got a new placement, somewhere near my shin bone. And I kid you not, the moment that on went in I felt a shooting pain in my bladder. And right at that moment the practitioner left the room and I was left by myself.

I have no idea if this is possible but I figured it hit some energy point or something making me have to go. And the worst part was, I was unable to move. Including speech, that as there were needles in my face as well. All I could do was lay there and hold my sphincter as tight as possible as to not wet myself. Pressure slowly building up. And in the corner of my eye the clock, indicating my future release.

After 20 minutes it got pretty bad. I felt the urge to hold my crotch but I just couldn't move. It started to hurt and I felt the urgency increasing. 10 more minutes only added to that pain. By now I was almost praying for the practitioner to enter and save me. But 10 more minutes passed (which was unusual) until he finally arrived. I just layed there, in a weird state of relaxation and complete tension as he took the needles out one by one.

They left me alone as I had to dress up. I knew I could almost pee but tightening the belt of my pants, it hurted so much. I almost leaked. The session was covered by my insurance so luckily I didn't have to pay and could shoot straight for the restroom, at least, if a lady didn't just beat me to it. I stood there, for 5 whole minutes. God knows what she was doing in there. I just heard her moving around, sighing, sounding stressed. As my urgency was growing by the second. I was afraid to leave, but if this took 10 more minutes, I didn't think I could make it. I went for it, I dashed out of there, got my bike and went as fast as I could to the university.

The whole time driving, there was only one thing on my mind. Not wetting myself. I don't think I ever went that fast. The pain was just, so intense. I knew if I stopped holding back I was sure to wet myself as I went to this level before, in the comfort of my home, without the pressure of clothes on my bladder. Stopping the holding there for just a second meant wetting.

As I got there I hoped to get a place to park my bike outside but no luck for me. I had to go down in the parking garage and stall it. This would take 2 more minutes, but that wasn't the worse. It meant I had to get up 2 stairs instead of 1. I loosened my belt as I parked my bike, giving me some relief and just ran. A sweet lady was so nice to hold the door open for me. With the first stair I was able to block the pain but during the second one that all came to me tenfold.

I got in the restroom, in the cubicle (If there was no place I'm pretty sure I would have wet myself by now), locked the door with my last strength. Pulled my pants down and just onloaded. There was so much piss a dude next to me walked in after I started and got out while I was still going. The release from it. Heavenly.

The funniest part of it all. This session appareantly had the greatest impact on my 'energetic balance'.

*002*2023-05-30 21:23

{{23 hours ago, SilverSnake said:

The piss chakra, oldest trick in the book /joke

}}

If this existed though....

