I wet myself while mountain biking

Author: Hazel

*000*2017-06-05 02:14

I love mountain biking. Traversing through the trees, feeling the wind over your face, and seeing the gorgeous views as a reward for traveling. I am a girl thats 5"6' and on this day i was wearing a light blue t-shirt and some tight lighter black sweats the were tight on my skin. Well this time I forgot to use the bathroom before i left. I didnt notice it at all for a while but as i hit bumps and was drinking loads of water i started to slowly fill up, on this day there were a lot of people on the trail and I was started to get a little worried.

I was mountain biking with some friends but we all split up and were just going to meet up at a certain time. I checked my phone and saw that i still had 1:30 minutes before we were going to meet again and then there was going to be a 30 minute drive home after that. At this point I was absolutely bursting. I had my legs clamped together whenever i could on the downhill sections and on the easier parts i was steering with hand and holding myself. I felt the liquid at the tip of my urethra, not quite coming out, but if i lost focus for a second then the inevitable would come.

I came to a tricky section and stood up on my bike to get some more leverage on the pedals and that was where i made my mistake. I had to take my hand away from my crotch to do this and i felt myself leak a little bit more than a little. Pee slowly leaked out of my urethra and i felt warmth spread on my lips (not the lips on my face). My legs were tight together and i felt the pee slowly coming out until i slammed my hand into my crotch and stemmed the flow. When i looked down I saw a softball sized wet spot with wet streaks going down the inside of my thighs.

At this point i knew i didnt have much longer, I biked past a group of hikers and saw a little 4 year old pointing to my crotch. I pedaled a lot faster. I came to a part where not very many people were. The only way to get there were some steeper climbs and everyone just went around. I knew i needed to find a place to go but every place i looked at seemed to open. I kept biking and felt it. A little bit of pee slowly dribbled out of my urethra and slowly traversed down my skin and into my panties. I could feel myself about to lose it.

After biking for a little longer i found a section a little off the path and didnt care that anyone on trail could see me, It was either going here or going in my pants. As i dismounted my bike i felt a little more pee dribble out and as i walked i had both my hand slammed into my crotch and was waddling over to an area that i could pee. Once i got there my pants went flying off of me and no sooner i peed full force, you could probably hear it from a mile away but i didnt care, it felt amazing. I peed for a straight 2 minutes before my stream turned into a trickle and then stopped. I saw a puddle below me because i peed so much and I had a massive desire to start rubbing myself right then and there but then i heard voices. I Sprinted over to my bike, mounted and was off faster than you could have said....... idk, i cant think of a word, (insert word here) and flew down the trail.

So that was my biking experience for today, Any suggestions would be welcome and i hoped you enjoyed!

*002*2017-06-05 02:44

{{18 minutes ago, mbmb42 said:

Wow, I love those details! "Not the lips on my face" lol. Very hot, looking forward to future adventures!

}}

Thanks!!! I very often overestimate my holding capabilities while mountain biking. I was lucky to find a place this time, in the past i havent.

*004*2017-06-05 02:56

{{16 minutes ago, mbmb42 said:

Nothing wrong with overestimating! The struggle is the best part, for me anyways. Sounds like you got lucky this time, you have me wondering if your friends caught you! I need to change my tires, get back on the trail and be on the lookout ;) In the past you haven't? Hmm, I smell a good story! Thanks for the contribution!

}}

My friends didnt find out. I put my helmet in my lap and it covered almost all of it. Normally i like being desperate while riding, but there were a lot of people today and i didnt want to wet myself in front of everyone xD

*006*2017-06-05 03:02

{{16 minutes ago, mbmb42 said:

Being full adds a whole dimension to the ride! A true challenge! I definitely would be cautious in public, too. That's a whole lot of explaining!

}}

Yes!! haha

