Holding in hard-to-take-off clothes

Author: Hon3y

*000*2024-08-31 21:04

So basically today i went to a movie theater in a swimsuit and over that a skirt.. With a full bladder (drank 2 litres something with intervals) ...the desperation increased throughout the movie just like my belly bulge... And then even after the movie was over i had to shop some grocery items and the discomfort was so high i was sweating in air conditioned space! ...i was keeping my legs crossed whenever i had time... And literally my Stomach bulged by a nice visible amount!! Then also the distress didn't end... Had to avail a public transport and the roads had so many bumpers and potholes ...

Even being self conscious i almost moaned from pain when the vehicle hit a good bumper! .... It was 9 hours of holding almost. Sorry i couldn't express my experience in a detailed way, I'm currently going through some bad patch actually... Hope in future i can again resume my devotion of being a good submissive for my daddy(if ever happens ) who wants to control my body for the rest of my life. I swear i can be a good girl for my master/daddy if I'm showered with love as well as discipline.

Thank you all.

Btw: after coming back to home, i noticed i didn't leak even unconsciously...as if those paining sensation actually paid off in keeping me like a disciplined (or maybe sealed for daddy😜) girl i wanted to be ... And when i finally let myself have the relief, it felt like it was almost 1 litre of pee atleast. I didn't measure though.

*002*2024-08-31 21:19

{{1 minute ago, omoEnthusiast1 said:

To go 9 hours with 2L in you, with bumpy public transit, and zero leaks is an insane feat 👏👏👏👏

}}

Thank you for the appreciation 😁, but i wish to be more disciplined ... It's kinda off track nowadays...hope i can again hold till the point where i am almost crying from labour. LoL, i just love the idea of being totally surrendered to my master/daddy . Plus crying makes me feel good. It makes me feel like atleast I'm loveable when I'm in miserable condition. LoL.

*004*2024-09-01 13:22

{{3 hours ago, LemonadeTank said:

Incredibly hot story! Wish I could've been there to witness it... or more than that 🙂

Take your time, btw... your mental health is important

}}

Thank you😁... What was meant by ' more than that' btw?🤨

*009*2024-09-02 20:19

{{9 hours ago, LemonadeTank said:

Control you lol

}}

That's cute😁

*010*2024-09-03 11:21

{{On 9/1/2024 at 6:11 AM, Cortex903 said:

WoW and you didn't even pee yourself?

}}

Ofcourse not... Being a very shy individual, outside embarassment is the last most thing i ever want.

