Desperate students

Author: Helloworldiwea

*000*2019-06-28 19:29

I teach a specific type of students (all 18+, most <25) , but our new instruction area is small. Today, it was the big testing day. In order to keep the test materials private so the other students couldn’t practice with the exact materials used, we had to have the exam part conducted in a separate location. This separate location, in the back, was the only way to get to the bathroom. Only one student came through at a time, and each took roughly twenty minutes. There were twenty students, and the only break was for lunch.

This is made for an interesting day. In the morning, there was nothing more than girls saying, “I really have to pee.” They all drank water during lunch, and the afternoon was more interesting. Besides at least half of the girls complaining of how badly they had to go, and a few trying to sneak out to use the one on the other side of the parking lot, there were a few interesting moments. One was when a girl came to the testing area. Due to time constraints, we began as soon as she entered. She didn’t get the chance to go. During the test, which required her to stand, sit, and kneel, it was fun to wat h as she bounced on her feed and squirmed to keep her pent up pee in place. It was obvious how badly she had to go. Finally, she got the chance. She looked really satisfied when she came back from the bathroom, relieved of her pressure.

Other girls also got to at least the figiting stage, but none got too far past it. The two guys in the class were perfectly fine.

I wasn’t the one who setup the no bathroom policy, but I wish I was and could also set a required water drinking rule as well(though I wouldn’t as I respect the teacher / student relationship)

Ps for those interested, all but one passed. The one should be able to pass with some extra training conducted by my boss

*001*2019-07-01 14:40

{{7 hours ago, Despholder said:

What kind of exam exercises did the girls have to do whilst bursting?

}}

The movements involved going from standing to kneeling and extending the upper body. They also involved using their hands

Sorry it’s vague. I’m trying not to specifically mention my line of work, making this difficult

